The app gives me an error message as soon as I log in saying "while you were away, we logged you out" or " For your protection, your session experied due to lack of activity" . I'm not even logged in to have a session expired. It worked well for about 2 weeks, and now is given this error messages. Update: issue was fixed for a few months and then it came back again. After I've updated the app to see if it would resolve, new error messages popped up.
Cannot log into my banking with this app. Have to log in with browser. It gets to the text verification code screen and will always error and reload to enter password screen when clicking out of the app to check the verification code. I called and sat on the phone for hours and IT said it was my phone I know it's not as I tried a completely different phone with same effect. Deleting the app until fixed as I cannot use it anyways.
Can not login after last update with password or fingerprint and therefore app is unusable. After weeks of not being able to sign in this issue still hasn't been fixed. The fingerprint login screen is broken and I can't choose either option to get past it. As a long time TD customer I am left with no mobile banking options at all. Very disappointing.
Worst app ever. Constantly loses entered data. After taking picture of back of cheque returns to screen showing all entered data gone and no front of cheque picture. Repeat numerous times every time until finally get everything to remain. Also auto-picture takes picture b4 properly aligned so have to retake or go to manual picture every time. No way to determine if you have the latest release.
I've been trying to get my direct deposit form from the app and it's not there, despite their website clearly states that it is. Very confusing. The troubleshoot says you just choose your account and on the far right side under the balance header, will be the link for the PDF. Only it's not
[Update Again: Upgraded back up to a 4star as the mobile payment problem seems to be fixed. Will re-review in a few weeks. Still believe TD should join with Google Pay to allow customers more freedom and options.] Original review: The Mobile Contactless Payment constantly fails. TD really needs to cut their proprietorship, and work with Google Pay instead, like they've been forced to do with Apple Pay (also proprietorship company). TD-USA does allow you to use GPay. Why not Canada?
"The amount must match the amount shown on cheque photo" is what I get every time I go to deposit a cheque takes anywhere from 30 minutes to 2 hours sometimes before it randomly decides now the amounts are matching I've tried multiple phones and the issue remains. Mobile deposit is a joke with this app.
Can't add credit card for mobile payment for Android 10. Error message says try later, but tech support says it's not possible. LATER Thanks for your response. It does work now... But 3 different customer service reps told me it was impossible, until I was finally transferred to the online Tech team
amazing app although quite a few bugs/glitches when trying to log in i get a message stating u need to try again later or whoops something went wrong..... otherwise would have given 5 stars. However it is very convenient and easy to use!! I love the new fingerprint scan and the mobile deposits are very quick and efficient! For these reasons im givibg the app 5 stars!
After last update, this app is taking forever to load when I press my account to enter password. Also, once enter password it again takes long time to open my account. I also have saved my debit card but it often does not pick up my saved info and asks me to enter my card or ID again. Compare to Scotiabank and RBC apps this app is the worst.
UPDATE NOV 13/2019 Thank you for your response! and yes, it works! Back to carrying only my phone to make my purchases! UPDATE OCT 31/2019 MOBILE PAYMENTS ARE STILL NOT WORKING?? I have a Google pixel 3 A and it's not working. mobile payment not working, please fix this. this was one of my favorite things from this app. used it frequently and now it's no longer working. I know you guys are working hard on this but pleeeeeasee fix it thank you!!!!
Update review and downgrade. Cannot see investment account anymore. What is going on with this app* Not too bad. Needs more detailed breakdown for investment shuch as small asks and bids. Tends to round off. Investors need detailed financial numbers. Rounding off makes the trade option useless to most. please fix. More details should be included for personal loan information. Payments? Balance remaining? Next payment date? C'mon TD....these are basics you should see in any decent financial app.
Awful, always has bugs, can't accept EMT, they are always "trying" to fix it, no way to switch language, but when it's time for monthly fees amazingly there's never been a bug... As of now my experience with TD is awful. I think i will go back with Tangerine, no monthly fees and I never had problems with them.
The banking aspect of the app is good. But please let us use Google Pay or ANY other mobile payment app other than this one. It's no good. It needs to be the default payment app, but it only works with TD cards, and I have other cards that are not from TD. You guys are the only bank not allowing your cards from working on other services.
Been nearly 3 weeks. Still cannot get past prompt to enable fingerprint use or say 'not now'. It Will not allow me to enable or refuse. Forcing me to close the application. Please sort this. I did call yesterday. Customer service was not able to troubleshoot. Thanks for directing me to information that isn't useful. Still Not Resolved Jan-03-2020
Good app, glad they finally implemented finger scan. One feature I'd like to see on this app is a few more financial tools like mortgage and car loan calculators. Most other banks offer extra tools for planning for large purchases like a house or car and this app doesn't. Would give five stars once more consumer tools are implemented.
was working awesome until new updates recently now refuses to login or let me use the app. Have tried uninstalling and installing the app and calling the phone number provided for assistance but still not allowing me to use the app just says unable to sign in which is a shame because it was a great app until newest updates
Works fine but why is there no fingerprint option to sign in?! This is not a new technology, and it's very frustrating that this feature isn't available when other banks have it. Edit: Still waiting on fingerprint ID. You've added these useless buttons into the main UI to sign up for other accounts or credit cards (which I will never use), but the one feature I want is still missing. Decreased rating to one star.
Nice update on biometrics . Was waiting for it for a long time! How do I enable it for both cards I have on the app? It only asks me for fingerprint on one of them (and does it by default, which I find kind of inconvenient) but when I select the other one I have to still enter the password. I would think the logical flow would be as before: display both cards, alow me to select which one of want to login to, and them ask me to authenticate with fingerprint.
The app is manageable, but it rife with bugs and glitches that make using this app frustrating, and far more time consuming than it should be. TD's banking app is not on par with what I would expect from a major bank.
Totally satisfied. This app is completely focused on the delicate balance between customer service and security. Personally, I think they have acheived success with this most difficult task. Now the difficult challenge lies ahead. TD must keep up as the market continues to change and evolve at a crazy pace. From what I have experienced lately in branch, on the phone and online, I am certain they will. Good luck and keep up the good work. You are an example for other financial institutions...
This is starting to become unbearable. These stupid little glitches, bugs, and issues I'm having with your app since release is wearing me down. I'm tired of the same old "it's not you, it's us" message when your features don't work. You are losing me as a customer, but at least treat the rest of your costumers and fix your issues
The new update for the login page is ridiculous. It keeps on loading and it is so difficult to type. Even when u login the buffering icon is transparent. I cant believe that they send this clumsy code into production. A university student can do a much better job for the login page. I hope the developers revert to the previous login page or else you will lose lots of users and it is very annoying to login with the high school level layout!!!
This app is useless now. They introduced biometrics and have a forced prompt. Except neither button works, you cannot accept nor decline. Meaning you are permanently locked out of using the app, stuck in a forced prompt that you can't make a choice on. I think I'm going to have to change banks because of this. I do most of my banking on my phone and this was a great app until now. They desperately need to ditch the biometrics (which are actually less secure than passwords).
I'm using a Google pixel 2 running Android 10, and I'm using app version 8.17.1, and I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app several times. I still can't use mobile payment. I'm getting error 800231 every time I try to re-add my card to mobile payment. Please help! UPDATE Nov 12/19: I can now add the card. Will update my review once I can test the app in-store
Update Nov 2019. The app is finally fixed for mobile payment after 2 months. I will give it another star due to the developer responsiveness. However given 6 months of Android 10 beta program which is designed to give developers time to ensure their app to run properly on the next OS upgrade and the developer did nothing, and TD refuses to support Google Pay and insists on using their in house solution and failed to deliver, it is still not acceptable. BTW all my other apps worked properly after OS upgrade except for the TD app. Mobile payment stopped working after Android 10 upgrade. Reported using email. It was suggested to call directly to get faster response. Call support after waiting for over a month. The answer was that "we don't support android 10". When I asked if there is a ETA, the answer was "we will support when we are ready". When I asked when or will TD Canada ever support Android Pay, the answer was "TD US supports Android pay but TD Canada does not support Android pay". When I asked what's the workaround. The answer was "downgrade to Android 9 or switch to IOS". I might have to switch bank. This is insane in 2019.
Since the latest update, I can't login. It won't let me get past the fingerprint setup screen. Whether I click enable or not now, nothing happens, it just stays at that screen. I can only look at the terms of use. I get a warning if I try and go back but that's about it. When I try and login again, same thing happens.
I just finished depositing a money cheque into my account using the td app for the first time. Wow i am amazed how fast, quick and easy it was. I didn't even have to leave home and go to the td bank to deposit my cheque. Thank you TD Canada Trust app. I rate TD Canada Trust app 5 Stars 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
I used to love this app but its functionality is either depleting or constantly having issues. I only use it to see my balance now because everything else keeps having issues. I went to do a mobile deposit and it's now telling me I do not have an eligible account, even though I did a deposit back in April with no issues. And E Transfers keep resetting my information each time. I used to be willing to recommend this app, but now I just avoid it and will stick to Easy Web.
After updating this app I'm always get frustrated as it keeps on saying unable to log in even though I have a good signal from my network as well with my wifi network. I've been using the previous version and i dont exprience this kind of problem.👎😡
Was great until last update? App keeps closing on Android as soon as I enter password... Can see accounts for about 2 second. Forget about mobile deposit and pay. Update: I reinstalled the app and I can login now, although it now complains about USB debugging turned on which it didn't before. However it still crashes when trying to set up mobile pay (which previously worked).
It *was* great. 2FA would be better than biometrics IMO. However I can't log in since the Nov. 4 update, therefore it is useless atm. Calling TD brought me into a problem solving script where I was being asked to clear the cache on my web browser when it's the app on my phone that doesn't work... Web login _does_ work on the browser, so how does clearing my cookies and history reset the app?! 😂 Fully uninstalled and reinstalled, still can't log in. 🙄
The TD Direct Investing portion has been so called "upgraded"...What a total disappointment!! Functionallity of a cheap app has been achieved by TD..functions such as RSI, Stots and Mac D functions have been eliminated...you have pretty much shut my trading down in one day...I did my research and and chose to transfer my investments to TD and now I have to move at a cost. called head office and brokers were surprised and not aware of the deletions or changes. Blamed 3rd party..so disappointed..
TD just added fingerprint login. The app is finally in the 21st century. Now if only Google Pay worked with TD. I've used TD, BMO, and RBC and TD has hands down the best app. It's intuitive, has all the features I need, and the overall experience is just very smooth. It also looks pretty nice too.
Used to be fine until latest update caused app to appear on my phone twice. I deleted one location which shouldn't have been there and it caused both apps to disappear. I downloaded app again and now it wont remember access card even though I follow remember me instructions. I tried everything. Now I have an app I can't use because I am not going to keep entering access card. Not interested in fingerprint login right now. I want app back the way it was.
GIVE US SAMSUNG AND GOOGLE PAY ALRADY!! Very slow processing and loading even with brand new phone. The tap pay is slow and you need to have your phone unlocked. Unlike the better tap pay apps where you can pay within half a second with your finger on the finger print reader. With the td app it's still faster to go get your real credit card and tap it Instead. USELESS ! Edit......2019 still no samsung pay!! I hate this !!!!!
Mobile payment stopped working after upgrading to Android 10 Sept 1st. Called customer support and no help. Support Google pay! It's been almost 2 months now . Newest update (8.18) still didn't fix issue. I've signed up for a new credit card with a different bank.. that supports Google Pay. Thanks TD
Can't login to the app even with the correct oassword. Have to reset my password to get access, then it forgets the next time again. It's been like this for a month. My wife just started having the issue as well after reformatting her phone. Also still why no Google Pay. What a big miss.
Do you know you call TD from your app and the wait time is practically zero minutes!!!! I love my TD app...so convenient. I paid a bill twice and was able to call and have the duplicate payment deleted in mere minutes. Cheers TD well done.
So most of us have been unable to log in since the last update, and you are not rolling back or fixing the app after 2 months? And you even dared to suggest me to update my phone operating system via email? Let me try getting the newest Iphone just to be able to do business with TD...
Helpful app for tracking your spending, however it's more in-depth analyses of your spending are lackluster at best. The layouts for many of the graphs are unintuitive and awkward. Push notifications on this app are embarassingly bad, oftentimes coming two days late or bundling two days together when reporting your spending. This is a great concept for an app but is not executed nearly as well as it could be. Vast improvements are needed to make this the app it should be.
Used to show all my spending and worked well. Since October it's been showing very little transactions, for example half way through November it's showing $11 spent between my two accounts. I've spent much much more than that. I've made sure both of the accounts are set to active, and I'm getting alerts from MySpend when I make purchases, but none of it is being tracked in my monthly spending.
Great idea, and pretty accurate... but I'd say it's still missing a few things to be really useful. Export functionality, for example. I'm using cumbersome Excel spreadsheets to track my spending for tax purposes, and this app would be perfect if I could only export all sorted expenses for defined date range.
I wanted notifications whenever money leaves my account. This way I can make sure never to dip below my minimum balance. But I often don't get notifications. Perhaps it only works for debit purchases, bill payments or interac transfers, but not for checks or pre-authorized debits - why not make it notify you of any debits from your account?
Installed the app in order to monitor when any money leave my bank account. However the app will not notify when money is debited through a pre-authorized debit payment, which is the majority of the transactions I am wanting to monitor. Effectively useless app for my purposes.
The app sometimes mashes two days together when telling me what I spent yesterday, usually making me freak out because "hey I didn't spend anything yesterday". I would like to be able to put in my own budget so the app stops harrassing me about what's "typical". I basically keep this app just for the real time notifications at this point.
It used to work and I loved it but now with my new phone the huawei p30 I don't receive any spending notifications. All settings are on and its connected to my td account. Still no notifications. Getting notified of a debit is literally the only reason for having this app.
After this last update the spending notifications have only been working intermittently. This is the feature I like most about this app. Could you please fix this problem.
Currently I only use the app for the real time notifications, which is great. It could be much more useful if they do the following: 1. Add an option for manually adding a budget or at least, utilize the "target" option. That's what we really want to compare our spendings with. We don't really care about comparisons with previous spendings or what they call "Typical". It's useless to us and pushes annoying notifications. 2. Allow to customize the categories. Everyone has their own preferences.
The TD Mobile Alerts (text notifications) for the use of the TD VISA cards was discontinued as of August 1. We were not happy with this change as that service was very reliable. So our only recourse to help with potential fraud was to use MySpend. But I can confirm, as others have noted as well, that the notifications (not texts) are very hit and miss. TD we want and "you" would want to minimize fraud for TD customers. Please address this issue...with an...update to the App?
I really love this app, it tracks the majority of my spending in real time. I won't give it 5 stars because there are some charges that for some reason don't show up and the spending by category sections SUCKS! I want to see the details of each category but I cant because there are 2 huge summary sections that take up more than half my screen. When I try and scroll down in the details and get to the bottom it is cut off because of the 2 summary sections. I want to see the details!!!
Real-time notifications don't work. Installed this app because TD got rid of real-time SMS alerts. Note: if you're getting stuck at "analyzing your transactions" stage, you need to call TD and get them to disable and then re-enable your access to MySpend.
Still needs alot of work, I would have liked something that I could use to work out my bi-weekly spending on certain categories like groceries or entertainment. The problem with this app is that it doesn't give you that flexibility, neither does it categorize anything properly. My shopping at the Liquor store or GNC is not considered 'Groceries' and yet this app places everything under groceries. Not useful.
Without this app, I wouldn't have known that my wallet had been stolen and that someone had started to spend on my my debit and credit cards. Luckily, I was able to call Visa and TD quickly and cancel my cards. Without MySpend, it would have been at least 24 hours more until I discovered that my wallet was even missing.
Please give us the option of creating our own categories. Also please let us choose which categories are untracked. For instance, I want to include Gifts and Donations part of my monthly budgeting, but I can't.
Installed this since TD told me that as of August 1st 2019 Visa International had decomissioned real time text alerts that I used to get whenever I used my Visa. Notifications seem to be delayed quite often, to the point of being useless for fraud detection. I also wish the app allowed you to change the default notification sound to something custom.
Decent app to monitor your spending at a glance but does not replace an actual budget and other banks (such as Tangerine) have way better spend trackers. Don't know why this is a separate app from TD Easyweb, it's a pain switching between the two as the app logs you out regularly. Also I've had trouble scrolling through transactions, seems like a defect in the app.
Very VERY buggy. Switching between apps (like a calculator) or opening and closing the keyboard causes navigation issues and seriously reduces the usability of this app.
real time notification is not working at all on my Samsung s9 phone. I used to have TD mobile alert which sent me a notification instantly once I made a purchase, but somehow this feature is no longer available starting from August 1st, so TD customer service told me to install this app to get instant notification, unfortunately, it never worked. TD bank really has to take a closer look to fix this problem or keep providing mobile alert service by sending text message as before.
I don't get notifications on my new Samsung Galaxy a50. I've tried everything I can on my end. Without notifications, this app is much less useful for me. More importantly, I can pay with NFC, but then I get no notifications at all. Bad user experience.
Td MySpend was supposed to help me watch my spending. It doesn't not. At the end of a long day I like to see what I've spent but unfortunately the app doesnt always update properly and has even tried to say some transactions were done on days I hadn't even used TD card. Always 1 star because it's just not accurate si what's the point in seeing some transactions only sometimes?
Can you guys get yourselves together on this? Usually, I get timely, accurate notifications about money spent, which I value, because I want to know anytime money comes out of my accounts; Yesterday, I got a notification for a payment that happened almost a week ago. I had to check my account to discover that the amount wasn't for the 1st, it was for the 27th of December, and I had no transactions yesterday, or the day before. I also had a barrage of about six "you spent $0 yesterday" notifications the morning of the 1st. I honestly don't know what you folks have done with this app, but please get yourselves together and figure it out.
Not sure why I have to download the TD Bank app just to use the TD MySpend app? I just want to be able to see my TD Visa alerts whenever I use my card without having to see anything else in regards to my personal accounts. Can I not just use the TD my spend up on its own because it won't let me unless I download the other app.
The idea is good. Interface can be improved. Need an export function for this app to be practical
Very stupid app, lots of bugs. Doesn't integrate well with the TD app. Very poor workflow design.
The base app is decent and it provides a faster way of managing daily finances than logging through a browser. TD MySpend, on the other hand, is not very intuitive and barely customizable.
This app only tells you of purchases it does jot alert you to the extra fees on your account. I just discovered this after useing it for three years realizing they have charged me 70 dollars extra per year for the last three year due to the lack of these notifications.
Each alert overwrites the previous one. So if someone makes 2 ore more payments in a short interval of time you will only receive the most recent alert. Also, alerts don't specify the time when the payment was made.  If you're not connected to Internet (like in the subway or underground parking) when you do get a connection you will receive the most recent alert only. And of course it won't say when your card was used. Other than that, the reports and categories are fine and quite useful.
It's a good app, but it's not very useful because of its inaccuracies on spending, which is whst the app is for. For example, my transactions through my debit card don't always reflect, and there's no pattern of when it doesn't work so I have to personally check and then add the missing expenses to my total MySpend to actually know. These are usually the pretty big items like car, and housing. It's very inconvenient and makes the app very inaccurate. Please fix this!
Real time notification not working consistently. Bring back text alert for visa spending. I'm tired of all the TD junk apps. Also, it's time to support Android pay for your Canadian customers!
I really like the interface of the TD Myspend, but the app is a bit weird. It only includes spending on a few items but not all. For example, rather than giving a total of all spending in a month, the app would only select 5 transactions out of 15 for example. If person A spends $500 in December, TD Myspend will only show a total of $200. Please fix this error, so more people would use the app to help them budget and save.
I really like being able to see what I've spent in categories and see trends. And being notified when a transaction went through is great especially for identity theft but the typical spending function is a little useless. I've been using the app for more than a year and most days I don't spend money but my daily "typical" is $60? And with my bills I spend more than $2000 but my monthly "typical" is somehow less than $600. Obviously not a very good depiction of what I actually typically spend.
I'd like to give this app more stars as it is interesting and useful but the damn scrolling of transactions within each category is buggy as hell and doesn't work most of the time on either my huawei mate 20 pro or on my son's huawei p10 either.
I love this app... when it works. Lately any spending I do just shows up as a grey circle so I dont know if Im over or under my spending limit. It's so disappointing because that was one of the main reasons I downloaded it. Another annoying quirk is that it isn't always in real time. I'll buy gas at 3pm and it'll pop up around 11pm.
Very useful app. One thing I would like to mention that after changing phone to Huawei, the push notification stop working, and later after changing setting on phone (Better > App Launch > TD My Spend to manual) it start working perfectly.
I wanted to like this app, and it's not terrible, but unfortunately it's not as good as other apps like Mint (which I am currently using). This app needs a better interface for categorizing spends into budget categories that I set. Take Mint for example, where it can also be accessed via desktop browser so I'd set all my categories up on my desktop and the Mint app is just for checking in on a daily basis to see where I stand.  Another very annoying thing is that when I launch the "my spend" app it launches the TD Canada app so I can log in and authenticate. The time out for a session is painfully short too. Authenticating via a second app just to see my spends is way too cumbersome for an app that is meant to be used for a quick glance here and there. I use TD for all of my banking, home and auto insurance, credit card etc. so I was hoping I could use their app ecosystem exclusively too just to keep everything under one roof, but sadly I'm still using 3rd party apps until the TD versions can compete on features and reliability.  Two stars for effort. I'll check back in a few months and see if some of the issues I described have been resolved.
Please bring back message notifications for credit card purchases. It is much more secure
Great app, only complaint is I can't add custom expense categories.
It's a nice idea poorly exicuted. It can only track the activity on your TD client card. So not cash expenditures, credit cards not associated with a linked TD account or ATM withdrawals. Making it entirely inaccurate. The catigories can't be edited and expenses seem arbitrarily alotted. For example my Google Play payments are considered Utilities. So are my Presto payments, these should be Entertainment and Transportation. Its entirety frustrating and I'll discontinue using it.
The app alert for spending overwrites the last alert so I can't see multiple spending or transaction. Kind of annoying... Transaction isn't lost. The alert / notification is. The UI in app is horrible. I am still unable to scroll. To see spending habits and categorize correctly; I just can't scroll. I can see partial details. But app just won't let me scroll. This is on my third device. Different brand. Different OS version. Different built. And obviously different kernel (which i don't think is even relevant). Yes. Stock not rooted. Like the core app function to categorize is lost because the app doesn't allow scrolling! Rated 1 star because this core issue stops it from being functional.
This App has NO backup. Had over 30 cards entered in my TD Wallet App. A fair effort to input them all over the past 2 years. Needed to do a hard reset recently on my phone. All the cards were gone when I reinstalled TD Wallet with no way to restore them. 😵 No surprise that I'm hunting for a different Wallet App. 🙁
Dont waste your time on this app. Your asked to put in access card number and password like the actual td app but does not work at all. And when I called Td representative they told me I can only connect visa card not debit visa card which does not make any sense cuz you can only sign in with access card to use the app. Dont even want to give 1star for this.
To be blunt, this app is horrible. I don't understand why you force us to use your own payment app. The app isn't even good, and I don't even think you can add your bank cards. Please allow your cards to work on Google Pay, Samsung Pay and others. This app is a waste of resources.
Don't waste your time with this app!...or risk losing the only cards you can store in it! This app kept crashing when trying to log in, so they suggested reinstalling it, which was fine. However, upon reinstall, it had completely wiped all the gift cards I had loaded into it! How is this app supposed to "lighten my load" by removing cards from my wallet, if it can't store this information more securely...and not just on the phone!! Ugh...
TD Canada spyware as it requires access to the phone that the app shouldn't need. The app will not even run if you deny access to the phone and its records.
Wow what a disappointment. Spoke on the phone with a TD rep who said no, they dont yet support Google Pay but try the TD WALLET. However, this app doesnt do anything!! You can't store a td credit card in it. Very upset with TD. Been with you for 31 years but am ready to research other options at this point.
The app doesn't even work. Was this app tested before TD rolled it out. There is no reason why I shouldn't be able to use Google Pay with my TD debit/credit cards.
Zero stars is apparently not an option. Switched from rbc and am ready to switch back already. No samsung or google pay from a major bank is ridiculous. Your app is junk.
Garbage app. Why do you need permission to phone calls? Let us use Samsung pay or Google pay. I'll be switching away from TD and going to PC financial because they support google pay.
What a shame that TD is the only of Canada's big banks that is so behind the times that they won't listen to their customers and adopt Google Pay. Instead they choose to shove this kind of 'proprietary' garbage in our faces instead. Get with it or lose your technologically-savvy customers, TD.
This is a fake app. It is phishing for card numbers and passwords!
Very slow to open and use
Seems impossible to log in.
App crashed @ security set-up. Never worked
This is useless. It's just ordinary barcode capture app
Imagine some of the best payment systems out on the market like Google pay or Samsung pay... then remove the best parts and throw in a few poorly implemented and useless features. Cancelled my chequing account after using this atrocity. At least CIBC let's you use samsung pay and google pay.
Can't login in on my S10. Crashes or reloads back to login screen. Wiped data, reinstalled. Just won't work. Been using both the banking and my spend apps with no problems. Will be changing banks shortly anyways as TD still has NO MOBILE DEBIT PAYMENT OPTIONS FOR ANDROID!! Almost 2020... Will switch to RBC or Scotia by end of month.
What a joke of an app, I want a wallet app that supports contactless pay (like Google, apple or android pay!) It keeps a picture you take of each card you ad to it I find it very messy and unorganized in comparison to every other wallet app. I HOPE THEY REALIZE THAT NOONE WANTS THIS STUPID APP! JUST BUILD BUSINESS AND JOIN GOOGLE AND ANDROID PAY INSTEAD OF CUSTOMER SWITCHING BANKS JUST TO USE GOOGLE OR ANDROID PAY!
Dumbest app in existence. I cannot believe how resistant TD is to introduce support for Google Pay. This is supposed to be part of "The Big Six Banks" and yet it refuses to make things easy for their clients. The people have spoken. Can TD learn to listen? GOOGLE PAY! GOOGLE PAY! GOOGLE PAY!
As customers what we want from TD is integration with and support for best of class apps in this domain. The latter provide the functionality and freedom that we need such as to support any credit card or payment method we want. I already have Google Pay and Samsung Pay on my phone and have been anxiously waiting for months for TD VISA to come on board so I can add it to both (and eventually pick one of the two and run with it). I don't need another wallet. I need your card to be integrated with both. Please get with the program. Uninstall.
This app is useless! I called TD to ask them when they'll make their cards compatible with google pay and I was transferred 4 times. I ended up speaking to someone in the digital dept and they were talking me through how to add it in google pay before realizing that it's not even compatible. He then directed me to this app. I told him that all the comments say it doesn't work and he said "I don't know about them but that's what it was designed for". Uninstall. I will bank elsewhere.
Terrible app. Anyone who says this is "fast" or "convenient" obviously hasn't had the chance to compare this to Samsung or Google pay (which are actually fast and convenient). I have all my cards other than my TD credit and debit cards stored on Samsung pay and I don't carry any cards with me except my TD cards. If I have to wait any longer for TD to finally realize that they are not a tech company, it will be faster and more convenient for me to just switch banks. Uninstalled after 1 use.
Expected a lot better as it is from TD after being burnt by UGO. What a disgrace. This app does not have any support whatsoever, you are rolling out an app without any support! Backup does not work.
Cannot even do mobile payments as you might expect from something called "TD Wallet", all this app does is record your loyalty cards. That's it. instead the only way TD allows you to mobile pay is by digging through the other TD app's like 15 different menus. Total waste of time. It's far more convenient to just get my physical card out of my ACTUAL WALLET than to try to use their ill-conceived system. It's beyond time this company pulled their heads out.
The 2-factor login process seems totally broken. I keep getting prompted for the 2FA code, then bounced back to the login screen, with occasional "sorry we're experiencing problems" error messages. Can't actually get in to the app at all. You'd think a bank would be better at this sort of thing...
Please please please just integrate with Samsung and Google Pay. This is a pain in the ass. You let Apple users pay with their phones, but not us? I can see many clients leaving TD for literally any other bank in the near future.
Useless app. Strategic move on TD's side but no user value in this product. Hey TD! We're already using Google Pay for this kind of stuff. You should try to integrate with them and focus on where you can add value or else most people will gradually switch to other banks that already did, like I did to CIBC for most of my purchases.
I installed the app, but it keeps crashing after I submit the verification code. sometimes I get to accept the terms before it crashes. I tried multiple times, I restarted my phone and uninstalled and reinstalled app only to get the same results. I also didn't understand why I had to allow the app to make phone calls. I would have given it zero stars if I could have. I wasted time and data for an app that doesn't work.
I don't see the point in this when there are several other, well established and optimized competitors such as Google Wallet and Stocard. It's time that TD moves past their arrogance to change and make their debit/credit cards compatible with Google Pay. I'm tired of waiting. I've been a customer for a few years now. Starting to regret it after constantly being ignored.
Redundant app. TD's excuse not to integrate with Google Pay which also has this functionality. You can store membership cards and credit cards for payment. I'm wondering if those 4 and 5 star reviews are from TD employees. Most didn't even add a comment. Hoping TD gets with the program and realize that this approach is jot working and only hurting their customers.
Honestly really bad experience. I don't understand why they don't simply set up allowed payments through google pay, almost every other major bank in Canada allows this yet we at td are dealing with awful apps and limited support. Already made an account at BMO because of this just waiting on something to transfer all my funds over.
I really can't see the point of this app other than TDtrying to give the impression toto the customers and investors that they are trying to get with the modern world. Royalbank is leaps and bounds beyond TD when it comes to mobile banking. Boggles my mind that TD can't simply provide its customers mobile banking to the same experience as other Banks.
Instead of this proprietary nonsense, simply add support for Samsung Pay! It's miles more useful than anything you can provide, as it works ANYWHERE, including places you swipe cards!! You support the inferior apple pay without question, yet you can't support the much more versatile Samsung Pay. Think it's time to switch to CIBC.
Why does TD think they need to be special and have their own app? Allow the use on Google Pay and trash this app. We don't need additional apps for each credit card, that defeats the point of this whole thing. I'm actually thinking of cancelling my TD Infinite card because I can't take advantage of Google Pay, and I most likely will. Everyone should just switch from TD credit cards so they learn and accept Google Pay rather then controlling every angle of us.
What a horeible app. It doesnt allow you to store credit or debit cards? What is the point of my bank putting out an app that allows me to store only loyalty cards, and none of their own cards? #useless Give us Google Pay please.
Useless. I wanted to be able to use the pay to make payments with my debit card. Since TD is still not compatible with google pay. Guess I will just be opening a new account at a bank that does use google pay. TD needs to catch up with tech before they lose their clients
This is TD outsourcing some minimal amount of effort app that has zero functionality that I am looking for. Geez you've lost my insurance business, mortgage business, and now you're on the brink of losing my banking business. Get with the program TD and focus on getting TD Visa and payment integration with Google Pay
This app is useless. I already have samsung pay and google pay which both work perfectly with my CIBC debit card but TD won't allow their VISA cards to be used with Samsung pay and Google pay. Give your heads a shake, nobody wants this stupid app, just let us add our TD cards to one of the existing and far superior mobile payment apps. This is ridiculous!
Like many other users have commented, this app is useless. Why in the world haven't TD realized that they are the only ones that haven't clued in to using Android pay or Samsung pay. The U.S. TD bank offers the service but not in Canada. Apparently we Canadians are not worth having the service and TD Canada lags in behind the other banks for digital services. I have been with TD for 19 plus years and I think it's about time to switch banks that offer the services. WAKE UP TD CANADA!
Please make your cards compatible with Google pay and Samsung pay. At this point it's useless to try and launch your own app as everyone is already integrated into either the Google/Android, Samsung, or Apple ecosystems. This app is just delaying the inevitable and ruining the bank's reputation with its customers. The negative feedback and poor rating on the app should be enough indication that something else needs to be done.
Forced update notifications (full screen) over my apps in use every ten minutes or so. Sorry TD that I'm not updating it on my limited data plan and don't need it until I'm home on wifi. It's one thing to not be usable until the update is made, another to harass me about it by taking over the screen. I've missed really nice pictures. I'm at the point where I'd rather delete it altogether if this happens with future updates. The app itself is fine pre-update.
Many, including me, agree that this is an awesome and easy to use app, can't deny that. My only concern is the lack of access to credit card services. There is no point in remembering different logins and passwords for online banking and credit card services. It would be really convenient for customers if everything is available in one app. I will be more than happy to change my rating if I see the change in near future. Thanks TD Bank.
Td Bank app always been fast, easy, and convenient. .24/7 banking. Deposits . transfer money to family and friends.. . With doing all my banking without leaving home it's things like that to stay out of the long friday payday lines etc. . Special options in checking account . .its like a checking account and line of credit at same time . .never know when an emergency is gonna come up!
Updates are annoying when you're trying to get things done. The app usually works well enough. However, often, I open it to check balances, send money, etc, and I am blocked by a required update from doing anything. Of course, this always happens when I am in a hurry or traveling. App updates should include an option to update either immediately after you're ready to close it OR an option to choose a time that works for you.
its a clunky, glitchy app and you'll get to hate the words "Task Incomplete Hmm something didn't work that time". When compared to the well-designed apps of banks like Capital One, which are intuitive and smooth, one has to wonder why this app is wallowing in mediocrity.
I honestly CANNOT give a rating for this app, until the app actually works! ...I hope that makes sense to you TD. If I go to pay a bill with Zelle on my Galaxy Note 4, all I get is a blank page. In the green header on the top left it will say Zelle & on the top right it will have a circle with my initials in it. --and THAT is ALL you get-even with the brand new forced upgrade! ☆Forced upgrade?...Really?!☆ If you're going to subject your customers to this-Then PROOF your app BEFORE you FORCE IT!
Application engages in PUP-like behavior, force-opening itself without user interaction to notify them about a "mandatory upgrade", something that could've been done without such a practice. Previously worthy of 4/5 stars. I would now award it none if such was possible.
This app is nothing but a headache. Popping up full screen warnings about how I need to update, why do I need to update? I just want to check my balance!!!!! Then on top of that, the update crashes when I try to log in. I uninstalled and reinstalled with the same problem. Probably to time to switch banks, if you guys can't even build a simple app that works, I hate to see what you are doing with my money.
Using android 6.1. Crashes everytime I open it. Uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times still crashes.Absolutely no help from technical support will not admit a Javascript error is causing the crash (if the idiots on the phone even know what that is), but the Google crash report says its a JavaScript error, they claim the app requires Oreo 8.1 which is BS! Apk analyzer says minimum version is Lollipop SDK 21! And if it does require Oreo 8.1 they should tell Google!
This app works, BUT between the hours of 12am-6am ET dont expect much use out if it as it will always say "Were sorry but we are currently experiencing issues try again later" so damn annoying its EVERYTIME. Guys your the only bank i have ever had that has this kind of issue where you cant do anything because your servers are down or undergoing maintinence. I have had TD bank for almost 3 years and its still the same such a damm shame
Could not have been better the experience of mobile deposit worked out very well for me now I don't have to worry about if somebody finding this check that it can be cashed somewhere hopefully they will be prosecuted if they do so!! :-) 4 thumbs up for TD Bank!! Sir RAYMOND Wilkerson
"Unfortunately TD Bank (US) has stopped" since 2 days, each time I try to launch the app. I have uninstalled it and installed again at least 5 times. Restarted my phone 3 times. What the heck is going on???????
giving this app solid 3.5 , even though I can't add the .5 The reason for this is because I've recently upgraded my phone to a pixel 4xl , my new phone can only unlock by face recognition , unfortunately TD's developers haven't updated TD's app face recognition for Android , this is very disappointing because my wife recently updated her iphone to an iPhone 11 and she has face recognition , I'm pounding down hard on you , developers , PLEASE FIX THIS ISSUE it is very very very annoying .
It works. Purchase history is nice and eliminates smaller receipts with less items in some cases. It works. 10/10. Plus no ads! Outside of their own at least however barely even noticable and understandable that they are there.
If you keep updating I will no LONGER be a member of your bank because I do not need to change ANYTHING..app works fine.. please think about people whom just want to keep things as they are.. stop adding.. it complicates peoples ability to access their accounts especially if they do not remember passwords or user names..
Good app except when under maintenance and cannot log in for hours, sometimes days. When able to use it, very easy and simple and convenient to use instead of calling or walk ins.
It keeps telling me that TD Bank has stopped I am thinking that it is an error code. But for the whole month of November I haven't been able to see any account information through this app because it keeps shutting down every time I open it. I have already uninstalled the app and reinstalled it and it didn't work. Something needs to be done and this needs to be fixed.
App works well but mobile deposits tend to be on hold for a full week; they say "may" but "likely" is more accurate. Better to go to the drive through. Great for monitoring balances, though.
I need to check my bank account, and I cant see anything because I can not update this app on my phone. This unacceptable, because I have been using td before they took over when the bank was called commerce. I also read other reviews for this app and see u only respond to people giving this app high ratings, and aren't offering any assistance for the people who need it. Which leads me to believe the people rating anything of high ratings work for the company.
Updates are mandatory so they ought to be properly vetted. The latest crashes immediately upon opening. Deleted, wiped cache, reinstalled and it still crashes. Wouldn't mind if it was some silly game but this is an inconvenience.
I truly love working with this bank. Just a bit disappointed I transferred my business banking account over to td and everything was good up until I realized you don't offer zelle for business. Please make the business account compatible with zelle, will make life a bit simpler.
11/24/19 App now suddenly working again.11/23/19 this needs to be addressed with Fed banking commission, TD has our money and this is very concerning. Called tdbank with no resolution as yet. App unavailable for android! 1 week now, screwed up my mobile deposit and said "successful" and was not. Beware!**Update app now up and running .. Will report after use . UPDATE #3- nothing but trouble and failure to access account, just opened Wells Fargo acct.UPDATE #4 11/22/19- back to not working again.
The app is always updating I can never get in when u need it ,the bank omg dont get me started its a inconvenience everytime at the bank location for the atm out of service all the time also only 1/2 machines in bank ,also drive threw window is always crowded due to people using the machine that your speaking to teller and money gets sent up threw the pipe .overall my experience with td bank has been terrible checks take long to clear 2 days hoilday is longer
I really wish TD Bank had an option where if a customer didn't have their atm card and needed to tap mac, the customer can go into the TB Bank app and activate card-less atm, then that customer would get a one time use pin code which would be generated by the bank itself. Once at a TD Bank atm, the person would select card-less atm then the mac would ask for that one time use pin code then your pin and the person is in their account(s) and can use the mac just as they normaly would.
Just a bad app. Why doesn't it ask me to log into my account when I open the app!? It should automatically asking me to sign in right when I open my app and take me straight to my bank account!
got a notification that i needed to update, but the update doesn't work, so i can't use the app. update: uninstalled, reinstalled. app works but they still don't have text options for simple things like balance inquiries. branch locator should be more clear as to store/atm/drive-through open
When I try to sign on it goes straight to see you next time. Cannot access account etc. Has been going on for about a week. Uninstalled and reinstalled, does not help. Frustrating.
How is this app so beyond inept at doing basic things? The log out button doesn't always appear so I can log into different accounts. I can't use saved login information to login. Mobile banking shouldn't be this difficult.
Great app!! Easy to maneuver around.. But I HATE THE FACT THAT I HAVE TO DOWNLOAD MY STATEMENTS JUST TO VIEW THEM.. I DONT WANT TO HAVE TO WAIT FOR THE DOWNLOAD JUST TO VIEW IT!!! THAT PART SUCKS!!! So I took back the 5 and gave it at 4 star because of that ..
I've probably had to change my password 37 times because the app constantly forgets and forces me to manually type it, but never seems to accept it. Have made countless calls to have password reset. Now, the app doesn't have biometric face unlock. App needs improvement.
All and all a pretty good app... For 4 stars add the expected clear date to check holds, on the balance page & add that as a notification option in the "separate ( why? )" notification app. For 5 stars also show check images, when you open the details. Thanks
Updates are required to move forward. F THAT. statement downloads are a pain on mobile phone. Too many steps for some actions. Why only 6 months of statements available. Ive had way better online banking.
Nice app. Easy to use and deposit funds. Work on capturing checks a bit more. Took me a few attempts before it snapped. Will recommend this to others.
Quick, simple and convenient! Only had one issue which was no fault of anyone. Check came in maiden name so bank wouldn't accept. Not a big issue. Just had to hand deliver.
There is too many updates. Dont see the better options it says. I have to delete some other apps every time i have to up date this one. I just had to update it only a couple of months ago. And didnt see any changes.
Can't get into account. Can't get update to install, have bills to pay. This is nonsense Next day off, after I manually pay my bills it's off to TD to close accounts. I don't need this aggravation.
I am absolutely amazed at how easy this process is. I am not computer savvy but I will recommend this to ppl who are always on the go and never have time on their side throughout a busy day. This is helpful to be able to utilize the mobile deposit , manage your account, and to make transfers
Tried to add a payee (biller) which should have been a simple task but was anything but. Because it didn't recognize my payee it wouldn't show me the option to add it manually unless I scrolled all the way to the bottom of their lengthy biller list. After I finally added my payee the wouldn't save it because it thought the account number was invalid! Ugh!
App doesn't allow manual focus even though it says it does. It auto "focuses" but takes the photo way out off focus and then tells me that it can't read the call check. The focusing system needs to be fix. I couldn't deposit checks.
Wonderful and so convenient!! When I need to speak to a customer service rep, there is virtually NO WAIT TIME and reps go above and beyond to satisfy customers!
Doesn't have an update button. Also didn't get correct. Notification of deposits. Now trying to figure out how to return funds that are in bank account but don't show up on app. Not happy
Cant log in. Caller TD help desk they told me to use my easy web or debit card as my log in, but it won't work and TD cant find a way to support Google or Samsung pay so we end up out of luck. Looks like I'll be paying with my other credit cards going forward
Crashes when we try to open each transaction. Hoping that's a big that will be fixed with next update? Also need to keep terminal plugged in or it goes to sleep and causes problems with entering transactions.
never had any major issues, been using product since July 2017. The app could use some improvements with the interface.
Terrible!!! Have been using TD app for ages, and suddenly have to go through Google???
I find this app very handy in our small business. Does what I need,when I need it.
wont let me log in with the same user name and password that I use for TD app uninstalled because I never got to use
cant log in, no support, i cant believe a big bank felt comfortable putting this product out.
I can't log in
Good .025 trill setup insurance Bank #1&. #1
Great app. Performs as expected. Love the iCMP device you use with the app! Thanks TD!
Wont accept my username
This app sucks!!! I am a small delivery company on the go. This app is not 
functional for anything I need. I also have no way of finding out if 
transactions go through when they are 'pre auth' as per the machine or 
cancelled after midnight. So annoying and frustrating!!!
The app constantly logs me out. When it has been sitting idle, and has not 
logged out, i often get an error that transaction has been cancelled, when 
it hasn't, and I cannot complete the sale. I use Square as back up. 
Frustrated as I pay a monthly fee for the pos machine
Use this POS because I have accounts in TD. The problems I got is when the 
transaction say fail and cancelled in the software actually is go through. 
But this transaction never recorded in your account. When you try one more 
time. You already over charge your customer without your acknowledge. It 
created big troubles to get customer refund through very slow TD Bank 
process . Talk to the help desk but not very helpful. Not recommended to 
use this service.
Too complicated. Doesn't match the user guide on the website.
I like the cute little device...easy to carry with me... my charging cord was broke when I received it...but no worries dollar stores have the same size ... I wish it came with a decal to place on display that I can actually accept Debit and card cards... now trying to design my own little sign to display for customers. Oh yes... I want a library installed into the app so I can store items of product so I can just hit like items every time instead of keying it in EVERY SINGLE TIME :(
I had this POS set up and then TD cancelled the wrong one and now it will take 2-3 days to set up. I was already on the phone with them for over a hour. Now more to come
Very temperamental! After searching high and low trying to figure out why the POS machine can only connect to iPhone but not to android, finally found the comprehensive user guide online and the connection problem is solved. However, the problem doesn't end there. It keeps telling me the transaction has been cancelled when I just initiated it. After multiple reset, it finally works. But then the transaction history went blank. I made another transaction to test, transaction history was still blank. After another reset, transaction history has finally returned so I can do refunds. But then the Bluetooth collection has a problem and it only returned after another series of multiple resets. This is extremely unreliable when customers are expecting reliable and fast payment transactions!
Always crashing and always troube connecting and the battery life of the physical units is horrendous. The app is a joke for a multimillion dollar company like TD
None of TDs apps work properly. And their customer service is the worst!
Please fix this problem. I need to turn off the "Share Location On The Receipt" sometimes. But it is locked and it's on all the time.
I haven't had any issues and it's perfect for my small business. I would recommend it.
TD get your act together and use Android pay for TD Visa pay in Canada. Many other banks are on board. Why the hold out? Especially with this poor app as an offering.
I can't log in. Totally waste.
Keeps crashing and almost lost sales because of this. Not pleased.
Can't even log on. Keeps saying incorrect username/password
It's terrible for payment errors being unable to connect to servers cancelled payments
Mobile pos system stopped working first day of use. Lost a lot of customers due to this.
Didn't work for me?
Can't log in
Works great, easy setup based on attached documents.
This is a great app and I really enjoying using the TD POS. It does what I need it to do.
It sucks
I have tried 3 different Apps for TD on my tablet and none of them work. Bad customer service with all the money your bank makes you would think you could pay someone to make a usable App. Very frustrating would like to pay my bills. Not even your tablet App will work.
When I first started it it asked for details of a card. I checked the tac .... and they were for Google pay or something  like that  ..... From a TD app??? I elected to skip that step and since then it does not recognize my TD account details and I  cannot find anywhere to create a new account  (why would I need a new account - it should be the TD one, right? )
I can't log in to the app, my password doesn't work.  Can't you fix it?
Doesn't even let me log in, I'm reading my number off my card man! I'm not the only person with this problem
Because it's a piece of *hit app. I guess to stay wealthy you have to cut corners on literally everything huh?
It doesn't accept my access card number. There is no help function
Can't get past the initial screen on note 8
App feels fluid and fresh, the photos and specs section of the vehicle info screen is my favourite part as it is very different and more in-depth from autotrader and kijiji autos giving a wider range with different trim models. Glad to see an app with greater purpose than just making a sale. Keep it up and hope to see newer features in future updates. 5⭐ and 2👍
Very easy to use and well built. Will update after a successful car purchase!
Well designed and really useful! This will help me find a new car I can actually afford.
Great App. Easy to use and very helpful.
User friendly and lots of information!
im a TD shareholder great app make TD visa compatible with google Pay
Can't accept terms and agreement its greyed out. I scrolled to the bottom of the page
Does not work on my phone or from my location.
Great!
horrible set up, only let's you veiw 10 most recent transactions, search bar dosent work, chat veiw me Visa at all, complete garbage waste will be removed from my phone, the worst part is the computer version is only slightly better
I downloaded this thinking it was the "New" app- prompted from my old app login. This is not the same app and when I found the "New" it says it is NOT available for my device. I have a Samsung S8 my phone isn't old at all. There is no reason the new app shouldn't work on my phone. I can't even use the "Old" app without being prompted to get the new one. the "New" app should not have been released or at the very least it should be an update for the old one without needing to download something new
big fail , not sure I will remain a Scotia Customer. doesnt make sense that apps dont work on tablets. ive been waiting for a change to the app and they not only continue to exclude us but also have made it even more closed with tokens that I also cant seem to download. so this is how you loose your customers. well done
Switching all my banking to TD. None of the Scotia apps work on a new Samsung A8 tablet. They work on my Samsung S9 phone but are limited. Their online banking experience is mediocre for navigation and integration between all your banking assets.
this one doesn't work for my tablet, its wants a token code and sorry i do not know how and what it means...i like the original one better, more accurate and updated, but its not compatible with my tablet,..i wish it was cause id like to install it
What is with this app? I can't sign in to any online banking with out a token? Where is the normal banking app? How come I can find the regular app on my phone but not my tablet? FIX THIS
Worst bank ever. Stupid move changing the banking app to one that doesnt work with my device after months with no issues on the old app. You also want me to download a completely unrelated app to access my account? Come on. Pretty pathetic for one of Canadas biggest banks.
Requires a digital token app to work. As if that's not bad enough this digital token app is not optimised for my Samsung Tab tablet. This is deplorable.
Digital token? In a a day and age that app developers are doing everything to make their apps easy, simple to use, and intuitive.... digital token!!??
Before you give me one of your canned "perhaps you should use the Scotia Online Mobile App", I'd like to point out no such thing exists. What an absolute lack of class for a major bank to put out this clusterduck and then respond as such to their customers.
Don't even deserve single star tried to login couple of time app is requesting for token which is not clear i have download the Digital tocken app but it is also useless.
For business 2019 and no regular app for Scotiabank users.. Time for me to look for a new bank that has an app for my tablet that works.
issue on starting app , doesn't opening , like it's buffering sign shows in middle of app , using Samsung Tab E with v.7.0.1
Needs an extra app to even work. but that extra app wont work on my device (nvidia shield k1)
Works perfect. Digital token is so simple to use as well as secure
I can't use it anytime I try to login in my account they ask me for token value.
This app is useless. I would be happy to use the mobile banking app for retail customers but it doesn't exist. 👎👎👎
Can't even sign in, the old app is so much better.
not working makes me miss my old scotiabank app need help not work i tried different may lost my money or tokens
terrible app. cant even login because of some stupid token thing
Terrible down turn, time to switch to another bank.
useless... can't log on without a token value?? I don't even know what that is
garbage I can't use this app on Samsung tab because of digital token needed that is also not compatible......pretty pathetic for a major bank in Canada.
Who thought this was a good idea? Total inconvenience to all customers.
very bad app don't even makes sense with that digital token can't sign in without that
is this a real banking app or a scam? Very suspicious and unlike Scotiabank's real online banking!
this is the worst after I had an app that was working fine. maybe it's time to change
I see this is supposed to be for business users, but then where the hell is the option for regular users? Even the worse banks in my native Colombia have working mobile banking apps for regular customers, and that's a third world country...
doesnt work for personal banking on pixelbook
Same thing. Can't use the app. What the heck is a Token... Not usable on Samsung tablet!
I'm not going to use a banking app which requires me to download a second app for.... Tokens? I just want to do basic banking.
Difficult to use. Not ready for prime time
One more reason to no longer be with Scotiabank.
so far it says download pending.... if I could get it to download so I can even see it it might help... can't use it
Very useful app for commercial banking .
completely useless ... agree with 98% of reviews :(
Could not get signed in
Fail. Going to delete and stick with phone app.
Good for banking on the run
Does not work on my Samsung Android tablet
New design is cool. Looks a lot cleaner. A bit easier to navigate once you get used to the new UI and layout. Low stars because the online cheque deposit doesn't work at all. It is the main reason I use the app. I simply get an error saying that the picture could not be saved. Worked perfectly fine in the previous app; why fix what isn't broken? Hope it will be fixed soon. Edit: all the early hiccups are fixed now! And the app runs a lot more smoothly to boot. No issues now.
This App is horrible. The version before this was 100x better. It is not user friendly and very frustrating. I have had to log into the non mobile site just to get things done (non mobile sites on a mobile device are a pain to navigate and time consuming). A big issue is the scrolling, when you're paying a bill or transfering money you can't get to the bottom of the page. Access to personal reports is also limited . The whole purpose of the app is for ease. Definitely not an easy app.
Every update makes this app easier to use. Only option I miss was making extra mortgage payments through the app. I don't own a computer so it's awkward to make the extra payments. I realize this is a minor, personal preference, that's why I still gave the app 5 🌟.... It's quick, easy to use and is convenient for 95% of what I need it for.
Use this app constantly to check my account balances, sometimes it has issues where it wont display the balance but those only happen every so often and I can still use a web browser to go to my account on the scotiabank website instead of the app. I love that I can deposit cheques without having to go to the bank, that has saved me so much time and money! Overall it's a great tool for every day banking but dont expect to make major changes on the app regarding accounts.
With the Dec 13th update the app finally worked on my Huawei P30 Pro for 2 weeks. After the January 4th update the App again does not work!!! This clearly shows that it is a problem on the developer site. 7 months without mobile banking. The App only shows the following useless error message after the App starts: Something went wrong. Try that again. After the 3rd retry. Sorry. Scotiabank mobile banking is currently unavailable. We are working on getting it back up and running. Try again later.
Worst UI redesign ever! Just downloaded the latest update, and this app STILL has the bug where you sometimes can't scroll down to the slider to commit to a bill payment after filling in all the fields. You have to futz around inside the interface, repeatedly re-enter the form values, sometimes exit/re-enter the bill payment module to get the damn thing to work properly. First time this happened, I cancelled a payment because of an apparent duplicate entry. Had to do it all over later.
it doesn't run at all on pixel 2. On start I got message "Something went wrong. Try that again."... If Scotiabank manage my money in the same way I will think to change Bank :) Update: unbelievable! App still not starting! How to set zero 🌟? Update 2: still not run. I tried to check from other "pixel 2" phone. Shame...
The depositing cheques feature is inconsistent at best. Same cheque may deposit through Apple version, if it doesn't in Android and vice versa. This really needs to be improved as all other banking apps I use manage this easily. With multiple accounts and biometric log in, you now cannot see which account you are logging in to before you do.
Scrolling transaction list is painfully slow, loading way too little transactions at a time, and not even lazy loading the next set while you are scrolling. When scrolling on the "transfer" screen, you have to carefully choose where you put your finger to scroll (between input fields) or it just won't scroll.
Scotiabank you should be embarrassed by this app. The latest version was a huge mistake.... Unreliable, lacking in functionality which was in the previous version and poorly designed. Trying to make a bill payment is hit and miss... It may or may not let you scroll down far enough to complete the transaction. Really this is unacceptable from a major Canadian bank.
This app does not allow me to tap and pay. Yes, I know I can set up in a wallet but I want to pay within the app. I feel it is more secure. I liked that i could tap and get quick balance without logging on. I'm not sure why the wasted millions of our dollars for this app other than to say they updated. It was fine before. Total waste of money. It does less then before. Total fail.
I had a nightmare of a time trying to set up my account because the passwords were different (I copy and pasted them) and I run into "we can't do that right now, try again later" all the time. I heard they just revamped the whole online banking app, and hopefully they are working out the bugs, but right now it's rather unintuitive.
I used to work for Scotiabank and everyone should bank there but this app needs to be fixed. Updated the app and now so can't log in because it's looking for me to input security questions again and my CSV. Not a big deal except that they claim I have the wrong CSV which I most certainly do not. Dare I try calling to have them fix it? I've been waiting years for them to fix an online credit card and business address issue.
If the option was there ...I would minus Scotia App . MINUS 5 stars ...why minus 5 stars ??? You may ask ??? For the last 5 months ...when i attempt to pay my bills, or accept a transfer . This asinine app says my password is incorrect . So...I have changed it 5 times over the last 5 months !!! VERY VERY DISSAPOINTED WITH THIS APP !!!! Oh and isn't that lovely ...I cannot post this message unless I give Scotia App at least 1 STAR !! SHAME ON YOU ....SCOTIA APP....SHAME ON YOU !!
I enjoy the easy & quick access to everyday banking. However at times when sending money or making a bill payment I'm not able to scroll to the bottom to complete the transaction. Wondering what I'm doing wrong. Also, it would be nice to be able to access my mortgage like making additional payments without having to go to the old online banking site. Likely something that's coming, I hope. Thank you!
I list issues but you don't care. If you allow apps this horrible and won't fix them I will have to move everything to a bank that performs well. TEST YOUR CODE!!!!! Pages will not scroll down so are unusable. You made this so bloated graphically that it's cumbersome. Fingerprint works for android but fails almost every time in this app. Can't turn off annoying sounds. Bloated "pretty" interfaces are annoying as hell when you just want it to work.
Excellent app update. Two issues though: One, the app scroll locks up when transferring money between accounts (can't scroll down to complete transfer) and two, I can't see the nicknames on my various accounts while transferring money until AFTER the transfer is complete (I have to trust that I've chosen the correct account!).
Now that I have learned where all the features are, I adore using this app. It is actually made quite simple, but we tend to make this harder in our heads! Thumbs up for a great, easy to use banking app.... much better than my old bank. Not to name names, but it starts with R and ends in C.
Annoying to be blunt I am using this app on a phone. I DO NOT WANT TO HAVE IT SIGN IN AUTOMATICALLY. Depositing a cheque is extremely annoying when being kicked back to infoalert customization page repeatedly to the tune of eight or so times. I go ahead and try to set it up to be told that I must set it to sign in automatically to turn any of them on. Relogin to finally have success in depositing one cheque. I felt pressured to set it up, to get my cheque deposited. Not cool or convenient.
Fingerprint login stopped working. Have uninstalled and reinstalled, but still not working. Please fix. Love app otherwise. 1/4/20 Just updated app. Still can't use my fingerprint to log in. Also having same problem as everyone else in regards to scrolling. Please FIX THE PROBLEMS.
Works great for me! I was worried about the new look to this app as many were upset with the change. . I love it though. It is easy to use and easy to navigate through. . Depositing cheques is a breeze. If you have problems doing this, the issue is most likely your camera. . Great app from a great bank! . Thanks Scotiabank!
If you attempt to deposit a cheque the first time you sign into your account, the app boots you out of the deposit section. You need to restart the app to make it work. Annoyed that a basic bug such as this for an application in which I trust to manage my money exists. For the fees you guys charge your app should at least work.
The app is great. I was just wondering how do you change your name when you send money to a person, I accidentally put my friend's name as the sender of money. This happened while I was adding her email to make a interac transfer. I hope you can edit your name because the people I transfer money to are confused who are sending them money when I told them it's me
Horrible app. Horrible bank. Hidden catches, lack of security. I thought we covered upto 100k in our bank accounts. Nope, Scotia just says it's not their fault. I don't get it they made the app they invented their own security... RBC all the way.
This app is terrible the old app was working just fine i don't know why you guys changed it. This one glitches all the time, it takes forever to slide down, its not good in emergency situation when am trying to transfer money, it freezes and i have to wait for it to catch up.
Far more difficult to navigate. Really dislike it. And the do you want to rate the app pops up on the screen everytime I do a deposit and covers the reference number I need. Very disappointed.
Update 12/19/19: I reinstalled the app because the bug preventing me from transferring funds has been fixed. So rating up from one star. I still feel the previous app worked perfectly and looked more professional than this incarnation. The new app's swipe to complete a transfer is silly and gimmicky.
Finally I guess is the word. I have been waiting for this app for quite some time. Their old app had no biometric reader so this was long awaited. I like the interface and it is easy to use for the most part. If you're with Scotiabank, I recommend this app.
it has some new feature but doesn't support many actually real-life useful feature from old app. if you guys were not ready you shouldnt release this till all wish get done. I'm this app design it looks like somebody started designing this app with nice idea and quit his job in his half way through and Scotiabank still couldn't find it's replacement.
This app has too many issues. For example, "see all statements " for specific account shows a drop down list of years, yet the same statements are shown regardless of the year chosen. It seems it doesn't update. Many other issues with this app.
Was going to give it 4 stars, then I stopped and thought about it. It really hasn't done me any wrong in the couple months I've been using it. No bugs, fast, conveinent, much better than the old app.
I think it was released too early. Didn't roll out the all the needed functionality that existed in the old app. Certain features like the fingerprint authentication still don't work on my phone...I was quite disappointed, but it is getting better...
Redesign is horrible; starting with the app's flying "S" bank logo change... reeks of globalism which frankly sucks. Unwanted marketing, 5 bill payments limit, no bill payments history, no more running balances, limited investment details, and etc, etc. Go back to the previous design or customers will be turned off with using this inadequate service option! Poorly laid out and absolutely not user friendly!!
I realize it's a work in progress, but at the moment it's still missing features the old app had. It's very slow to start, and I find the 'view more transactions' button, as opposed to continuous scrolling, to be very annoying.
Only two problems I have is signing in with the finger print sometimes, not a huge deal, on the other hand sometimes while scrolling down I cannot go back up to see my overall total.
Always been able to sign in and keep tabs on everything...easy access to all my accounts from here...I love it! Would recommend to anyone with a Scotiabank account. Feels safe and secure. Totally comfortable and convenient banking this way 😍
I use this app as my regular banking system. It's clear, user friendly, and covers pretty much everything. I do wonder what happened to the credit score option though. Thank you.
Try to deposit a check using the app. And it took almost half n hour of fighting and retaking the damn front and back photo. The old Scotia depositing was better, when it took the perfect shot for you.
Most of the time, this app is excellent. But every once in a while it can be glitchy and the bank often isnt even aware of the issue until I phone customer service to notify them of the problem, hence my 4 star rating.
Some functions like scroll randomly stop working. Old app was better overall. Also why is there no functionality for investment banking? I want to check equaties as well as buy and sell them.
App is generally good but it doesn't display the remaining balance if you pay for something online. You need to go into details to get your correct balance. Example. Let's say I have have $100 in my account and spend $50 at an online store/paypal. I have $50 remaing. But the app will display that I have $100 left. Only after going into accont details do you get your actual balance. Fix please.
As many have mentioned, the app is very slow to load - slower than any similar app I've used. I could live with this if I had to... HOWEVER, what I consider a MAJOR functionality flaw - it does not show the AVAILABLE BALANCE up front! It's hidden behind a few buttons in a less than logical place and shows "funds on hold" for expenditures (instead of removing the amount directly). The website is almost as bad. Every other similar app shows an ACTUAL balance as the very first screen after login! In this busy world where many transactions take place automatically and electronically, there would seem to be no reason an available balance shouldn't be immediately available (and updated) on any account!
Slow as hell, sometimes doesn't even load even with decent wifi. A lot of the features sometimes fail to process such as paying for credit card, while others only available by linking outside to a browser. Even after directly complaining, it seems that BMO doesn't care about fixing their crappy mobile app. Too bad using their desktop site is just as if not even worse so sadly this is the lesser of many evils. But hey, at least it looks pretty and works really well when it does cooperate right?
There's no excuse for not supporting fingerprint login on your app at this point in 2019 - especially when you are one of the big five Canadian banks. It is undoubtedly more secure and more convenient when customers can login with biometrics. Frankly, this shows a disregard for customers who choose to use Android devices, as the BMO app on Apple devices has supported Touch ID for a long time. BMO, please stop dragging your feet.
This app is lucky to get a 2 star.it has made me change my password at the most inconvenient times possible saying I forgot my passenger when that is definitely not the case. Hope they can fix this issue cause it's the only app option you can use if you bank at BMO. Besides that issue i am pleased with the app it does make life easier on the go.
This app is not the best and could get some amelioration E-transfer appear fast on your account but could take up to 3h before you can use it even if the money appear in your account. The Interface is not intuitive and for example if you have 50$ in your chequing account and you bought something on Amazon for 35$ but the payment is pending the Interface will still show you in huge be default that there's 50$ even if you can only use 15$. It's not a bad app but need some improvement.
Giving 3 stars because this Android app doesn't support Fingerprint login while the Apple iOS one does. I use RBC Android app and it too supports Fingerprint login. 2020 is here. BMO needs to get ahead with the times. Update 2019/12/17: Dec 13 came and went. Still no sign of Fingerprint login on Android. Update 2020/01/02: I uninstalled and reinstalled the app from the Play store. Still no Fingerprint Login. My BMO app version stays at 5.13.0. I have the latest Android version 10 on my OnePlus 6T phone in Canada.
This app used to be great but now I can't even use it. Previously you would always log in using a username and password which was my first/last name. Now it says I have to enter a card number as my username, and any time I enter my MasterCard number and password it says no such user.
Have had a few issues. Only that available balance and Current Account Balance are different at times but they do not show up on main screen as they should. Ex. Shows I have $32. But I really only have $5.29. To find this correct balance I have to dig. That is my only issue. This app works great. Helps deposit cheques on the go, and etranfer at work if needed.
TD, RBC, CIBC all have fingerprint login - not the end of the world but coming standard in this day and age. Only thing keeping this from a five star app in my opinion, everything works great and have only experienced one day of town time - and the app team responds to feedback which is awesome.
This app would get 5 stars from me only if it didn't load so slow with all the animations(that logo sign shaped like an M) when you first start it and log in... Sometimes it lags quite long before it signs in..other than that,it's a great app with great features that I learned to troubleshoot myself...👍🏾🙂
This app used to be great. I just noticed that the cheque deposit feature has occassionally been faulty. On 4 occasions, the cheques went into my account and were then charged back as a "debit". This occurred over the course of 4 months and I was never contacted by anyone at the bank to let me know that the app malfunctioned and that the funds were taken back out of my account. To date, still waiting on the funds to be put back in. Unacceptable that the app is approved while it glitches with $
Since the introduction of fingerprint access the app is not working anymore. It always asks me to reset my password which I did 5 times already in one week. Please solve this problem!! I can't even contact BMO support for this issue! Yes. I already uninstalled and reinstalled the app several times.
The app takes FOREVER to load when you first open it. What an inconvience if I need to do a quick transaction 😡. Need to fix the response time for the landing page. A user would sign off within seconds if a page or feature is not responding.
I would really love it if you guys can incorporate finger print sensor. I love the fact that i have a direct option to pay my credit cards which is not so straight forward using the online app. But it would be even better if while paying my credit card you would show me the total balance i owe and not the amount i paid last month, because amount i pay each month keeps changing.
Just tried this 1-844 number BMO asked me to call &guess what, this tel# is for tel banking & credit card. Again, disappointed. Today, I experienced 2 issues with BMO app. 1) when receiving E money transfer email notification, once tapping on BMO, it does NOT open the app. It opens web page. Makes no sense if I have BMO app. 2) when in app, tapping on acct history, the lines overlap each other so reading it difficult. Also not allowing on particular transaction to be trapped for more info.
Lack of 2 factor authentication is the main reason this app rates as 1*. No banking app in this day and age should be released to the public without 2 factor authentication. It tells me that BMO is not serious about bank fraud or security of my accounts. Usability is fine, but lack of features compared to competition is also a drawback.
Not used to businesses actually having good apps. BMO is honestly the best bank from my experience. They will sometimes have surveys (If you want to do them) and you'll receive a reply after the survey quickly offering to remedy any problems. The app is quick and works as intended. Only poor thing is the inability to monitor your credit.
I've currently been having an issue where my money balance is remained unchanged even though I just deposited money early this morning, I love this app and normally I dont have this issue. Other than this it works super well! Does anyone else face a similar problem?
Instant one star. Missing absolute basic features for a modern banking app like fingerprint login and various account management features. This is easily the worst banking app out of the major Canadian Bank apps. The fact that the development teams at BMO spend 10x more effort on their IOS app really says something. The app settings page is literally just a page that tells you how to change language settings in Android.
only annoyance I have is that the balance you see is not necessarily up to date, you have to check transaction tab bc if there's pending transactions it doesn't reflect in account balance immediately, it can take up to a few days. It caused me some NSF charges at the beginning until I was told to do this. 😔
Pretty clean app. 3 stars only because there is no fingerprint login support. Every other banking app I use already has this feature. It's a little annoying that a big bank like BMO still hasn't implemented this. 12/03/2019 Still no fingerprint sign in. Some of my other banking apps just updated their biometric sign in to include Google's face unlock. Still nothing for this app.
Next time when you update make sure you don't delete my save card details. It's all about our preference. I couldn't login the application as I had to go and find my wallet which was not Handy at that particular time of the day.
Sometimes it takes forever to loadwhen I open the app. I upgraded to a new Samsung S10 phone and it is not any better. You have to link the account you want to deposit e-transfer to your debit card. Otherwise, you won't see it.
I constantly have issues trying to do transfers with this app. I will enter the details and hit "continue" and nothing happens. Have to sign out and back in several times before it will work. I do most of my banking with another bank (RBC) and their app is far superior to this one.
Started from the very beginning when the app was first released and loving all the features that have been added thus far. Super easy as everything is organized so it's easy to navigate around. Also cool feature would be the ability to accept etransfers from the app rather than through your email, if that's even possible. So you don't have to keep switching back and forth.
Shitiest app ever - i am trying to redeem my cash back and it takes me to the browser thats fine but when i try to log in for some reason it again and again asks me to enter my card number to reset my password. I use scotia and Td as well their apps ar3 way more better in terms of user experience.
Using this app is pretty great, on my phone however I cant access the biometric settings. besides that it's a pretty great app it's convenient it's one of the only banking apps I've had that's worked effectively inside and outside of the country with no problems
Can get aggressively annoying with the updates wiping your passwords and thereby making you reset said password almost every 3 months, maybe that's been fixed but it also has daily crashes just shutting off on my phone, could very well be my phone but it's only this app that does it
This app is either horribly made or doesn't work well will Android devices. Which in almost the year 2020 is unacceptable.It is slow, doesn't display balances and transactions clearly (lines/words) they are cut off cannot see figures or dates. I was not a fan of banking with BMO due to the lack luster customer service at the branch. This app is not helping!
Love this app, great and simple for everything, but its one limitation is that it does not display the details of what charges are for funds on hold like the web banking does in my browser... if this was available I would would likely use this app exclusively for all my needs, but i have to fall back on web banking for the details of these pending transactions. 5 stars if this can be done!
Everything is ok, just last update messed up the mastercard info. Use to say what is owing, especially when purchas is in pending. But since that last update, have no what is owing or not. Please bring back the other version, thanks!!
Hating that I can't sign in with my fingerprint. I wanted to deposit e-transfers to my BMO account but I forgot my password and couldn't use my fingerprint to sign in so I just deposit them to my CIBC accounts instead. Way more efficient to sign in that way.
There's an issue with how transactions are updating. For example, I can see my salary has clearly been deposited into the account as per the account balance, but there are no corresponding transactions anywhere to be found in recent history.
Do not use this app especially to pay your mastercard, they took my payment and then posted it as a money transfer somehow and essentially stole close to 12000 dollars from my I've called and gone into the bank several time to try and fix this problem but nothing happens.
This bmo app sucks!!!, there's nooooooo fingerprint login in, for Android users, accessing to log in, taking liked 1 min. .When Logged in, bmo does not update bankers account correctly, liked other banks, updated instantly, with our current balance. I see one amount in app balance, then go further into account details transactions, i see another amount, Funds on Hold. Misleading and confusing. TD does better service and their app better!!! 🤨😡😡😡😥
I love the app except for the fact that because I have an Android phone, I'm unable to use. Finger print login option. That would've changed my rating to 5*'s
Plan in advance when attempting to login to your account. Like go for a walk or bring your kids to the daycare all while youre waiting to login. Then when you come back home it might be logged in.
I don't know what you guys did in this current update, but now I can't see my master cards and the app freezes when I select the "more" option. I have a Google pixel 3XL
It works ok except with the credit card statement....the lines are all on top of each other so you only get the top half of what it is showing.
Hi its Alexandra,thanks for replying and am just a regular customer and i cant seem to find the bmo app to add to my new cell phone.Am using a samsung galaxymega2 and i searched everywhere online.Am from Alberta Canada, I had my online banking on my old phone and i wabted to add it on my new cellphone but i cant cause cant find the right app?THANK YOU VERY MUCH AND WILL LOOK INTO IT NOW,HAPPY NEW YEAR TRACY
Let's see: old app suddenly doesn't work, can't find new app for 2 days, now need something called a "Customer ID" which I have no clue about, all with no warning.... who managed this rollout? Seems like a total disaster to me. So typical of BMO's technology infrastructure.
THIS IS NOT THE DIGITAL APP If you dont have a BMO Harris Bank BUSINESS account, then dont download this. The actual app needed is not available as of now in the store, so go to their website if you need to access your bank information.
Good app with new features
This new app is a headache i am really close to switching banks soon!
stable and easy to use.
Good and fast responsive app
the latest feature for EFT corrections is cool.
Don't open
Better than most
I can't download the app and I erase the other one very unhappy 😞
Ok
Great app!
awesome *****
good
works well
not bad
