requires sms authentication at every single login, hence rendering the service (td insurance and td banking) absolutely useless when travelling. Because smart TD folks think people stay glued to their couches. Changing the bank and insurance provider tomorrow. This service is a joke
Absolutely ridiculous!!! Total waste of time. I had issues logging in. Said access denied after trying to use my td bank easy web login. Called and was was told they weren't sure what the problemwas, put me on hold...for OVER an hour and didn't check back. I ended up hanging up. Going to delete app, look for new insurance provider and also move all my banking. The customer service is horrible. Not impressed at all and very upset customer.
Works perfectly for me - used Easyweb access ID to connect, policies appear. Thanks TD for making it easy to manage my insurance!
I was submitting an accident claim. The data constantly erases after saving. It also doesn't display what information you already entered. Then when you try to save, it tells you that you didn't fill out the parts that you did and won't let you save. I tried about 4 times before I gave up. I never thought speaking to the contact centre would be easier. This app needs a lot of bug fixes.
Useless App. It doesn't have any real functionality except boiler plate info that can be found via Google.
i tried to log into the app this morning. it told me i needed to update some settings in EasyWeb or the TD Banking app. i don't bank with TD. what is this??
Has anyone else had this experience where you pay the obscene premium (Oh you poor things, you had to write a couple checks in Ft. McMurray a year ago) and after a month you still dont have insurance cards? Or the keep sending the same ones that expire in a few days? Try phoning... good luck with that. IF YOU CAN'T PROVIDE THE SERVICE, QUIT PRETENDING TO OFFER THE SERVICE AND GIVE ME MY DAMN MONEY BACK!!!
I have tried to use this app to get an answer to a question using your FAQS. They don't work, even when i login as was directed when i called your support line.
Works as intended, for the most part. Needs a text message confirmation every time you sign in.
its an ok basic functionality app but it keeps asking for the "one time" security code everytime u login. Annoying !!!
App is difficult to navigate. Locks up when handling photos
I am abroad and need to authenticate through a phone number. Why not use email address??
app wouldn't let me accept the terms and conditions to proceed. Major fail. couldn't even get in to review the functionality.
Can't log in using security code sent by sms
does not open. reinstalled and keeps crashing.
cant get a copy of the insurance coverage pink card
can't even accept the terms to use app.
keeps crashing. Useless.
excellent apps for driver's
bad app, terrible customer service.
suck service i been calling for 3 days to get copy of my insurance policy but no one answer if they answered like couple hours later put me on hold again for couple hour 😡😡😡😡
Nothing for home policy only vehicle. so I'm on hold for ever.
Don't be fooled you can't actually a quote from this app.
This app is terrible!
Td is key of canada
Hey, all you say app doesn't work..... Need to turn ON app feature at 
backend by tdinsurance website or call them. Works flawless and time saving 
with built-in tools. Cheers!
Never got past the Terms & Conditions. Read them all the way to the end, but app would not allow me to accept terms and go further. Waste of time.
Could never log in
Terrible app. I downloaded it because while I was on hold with TD for 45 minutes the automated ma home said you can get quick accurate quotes using the app.. Well you can't, it prompts you to call to get the quote and doesn't consider your registered policy. Also it sends you to the TD website instead of using an in app feature for quotes.
I feel like TD has stopped supporting this app but hasn't put the time into removing it. There is next to no functionality on this app. I literally had to use my browser despite having the app on my phone.
Awesome it allows to login which was not there in the previous version. It does have new features added.
Where can we get support for this app. I can't even press "I Agree" to the terms and conditions after reading through all of them. So I can't use the app :(
Collects"mobile data", including photos, location, and much more. Avoid.
Asks for so many permissions, and the fast quote doesn't even work, barcode never reads, launches from browser, this is just a glorified FAQ tbh. No wonder why your customers are leaving and you get no new customers
Can't even tap the I agree button to accept the terms and conditions.. this is *after* 5 days of not even being able to see the terms and conditions due to "server errors"
You can log in to your account on the Td insurance website but on the app you can't even log in. The "digital copy of insurance card"  just opens your camera so you can take a photo of a card you already have. What a joke
Thought the app would allow me to log on to my insurance profile, however it doesn't have that functionality.
This is a basic static app with faq and quote. You can submit a claim but for someone that want same control as the web version, skip it
Useless. Waste of time to locate the app and install it. This app DOES NOT allow login to the TD insurance website for real-time access to your actual insurance policies (WHY?), but rather contains static FAQ info and request a quote features. Poorly concieved, poorly designed, poorly executed. If I could have I'd have given it zero stars.
All information same as web
