Doesn't work most of the time. Says i have no claims today when yesterday it showed all of them. No way to upload documents. C'mon RBC it's almost 2020. People don't use fax machines or snail mail anymore. Compared to competitors blue cross and great west life, this is a century behind the times.
Terrible app, especially for one of the largest companies in Canada. Awful functionality, not user friendly, freezes repeatedly.
Edit: After speaking with someone, they helped me work it out, maybe updated the app? Still more confusing than it should be. but after you get it set, it's much easier. ------------------------------------ Doesn't let you submit your own claim through app. Gets stuck having you choose who the claim is for.
Error messages when you try to log in, have to enter info twice every time. Get error message every time I hit the submit claim button. This makes the app useless to me. If you can pay someone to reply to every one star review on here, you can pay someone to fix your app. Edit: Now I can't even log into the app or to my account online. I try to reset my password, "The information you've provided does not match our records..." Try to recover my username "The information you've provided does not match our records..." They provide a number to call but it's the weekend so once you get through 6 levels of telling the recorded voice what you want to do you get forwarded to a message saying they aren't open. Incredibly frustrating.
The least user friendly application I've ever had to navigate. I would switch insurance providers solely because of this if it wasn't through my employer
The app is defective. Tried to submit a claim, couldnt search by name because it expects it to have a first initial and last name, but my provider was a store. Searched by phone number instead, found it and progressed. However on the next screen, the first required dropdown field is broken- you can't select any of the options. Your taps are unread. Backed out to restart the process, and now the provider I just found can no longer be found. Cant submit the claim. What's the point of this app?
Super frustrating. Used Caresnet before it and it was much better.
app has access to everything I need but it seems to have bugs and glitches. while exploring the app for the first time i had to sign in and out several times so buttons would work. also stalled out while submitting a claim on step 3, just trying to load but wouldn't.
APP did not work at all. Would not let me submit a claim and a lot of the links/drop downs didn't even function.
Login fails every now and then. The time I logged in, it froze up as I submit the claim. after another 2 tries, said I am not covered when I know I am covered for glasses. I can only give this app a single star.
whenever i wanna use my app after user and pass and security question i face error A404, i can just access to my profile by pc and even by pc I can,t submit a cliam  and all the time i see application error and the page cant found. could you please solve your technical issues, too many people facing same errors
Doesnt allow me to submit a claim for services Im covered for. When submitting a claim it only gives you some of the service options, not the one Im actually trying to submit a claim for. It doesnt show me my exact coverage plan. It just gives you categories that you can put a pretend claim in for and it will show you what youre covered for. It would be nice to know a breakdown of my plan that I am paying for every month. It's a waste of time to go through all the categories to see if Im covered
It's all right, but other apps in the same category allow users to upload pdfs or images of receipts, which saves a lot of time.
Everything to do with this insurance company sucks.loved when I had regular greenshield. It was so much easier for claims and getting money back or anything having insurance is good for.
Doesn't accept security questions randomly, glitches and gives a blank page return after submitting expenses, filter to view submissions works 1/10 times leaving me questioning whether a submission actually went through.
You can login from a PC but not in this app. Absolutely useless! 5 min later and they are now experiencing technical issues with their website.
Sometimes the claim history is there and the next day they aren't. Submitted claims keep disappearing
Very glitchy, tabs just don't open at times
poor functionality. submitting claim can be an issue. unable to cancel submitted claim. not very user friendly.
Would love to submit my claims through the app, but can only do it for a few services (dental, vision). No option to submit drug, massage, chrio, physio claims... So, this app has no value to me.
Hate this app. It submits claims under today's date no matter what service date you enter in. It's useless.
Good app, easy to use but will not keep me logged in even when that's selected
Great app. Super easy to navigate and very user friendly.
It's impossible to submit a claim so basically the app is useless, don't waste your time and patience
This is a useless app you cannot suit drug receipts and to check if drugs are covered the information is incorrect.
Very good and usable application.Thanks for the creators
Am just looking for a one page summary of benefits with the totals but cannot find
Balances for coverage is not visible
Not user friendly at all.
Cannot find the exact coverage amount
almost imposible to submit a drug claim.
The app won't show me my coverage
The UX is terrible
poorly put together functionality sucks
Easy to use!
Not user friendly.
Great and timely.
Terrible. Doesnt allow drug claims.
How do you submit a drug claim? You can submit a claim for medical devices but ot drugs?
Can't see any of my claims
