I may raise the rating if I can get in! Keep getting error message for "no Internet connection" - even though it's just fine and I can go anywhere else online. Also, cannot download ThinkOrSwim to ChromeBooks desk top, as it is not a compatible platform. If this were remedied I wouldn't need the app. As it is now, I must switch to my Windows 10 computer to utilize ThinkOrSwim. FYI - this app seems to work fine on my Samsung smart phone and tablet,...
I have been using the TD Ameritrade Trader app on my tablet and mobile phone for many years. In general, it is a superior app than what is offered by other brokerage firms. I use it to trade stocks and options. The latest update, 84.10, is not usable because the screen colors have change to such INTENSE COLORS that it actually hurts my eyes. The red, green and black are horribly painful! TD Ameritrade....PLEASE change the colors to the way it was before the update! Thank you.
Since the last update, the app has been telling me every minute or so that I have lost network connection. It then attempts to reconnect and does successfully, but with much disruption. I uninstalled the program and reinstalled and the problem persists. Wish we could get back to pre-update funcrionality.
Do all my trading on this app. Love the graphs. Latest update like dark theme and sharper. Sharp! ;) Faster BUT lots of pausing/loading! Do not like layout change on graph detail screen; min max'ing of detail vs graph to see graph springs back (?), not good feel; the added buy/sell boxes around bid/ask and new mmm (?) look nice but take space from graph. Suggest go back to earlier (april) layout and just allow buy/sell trade on the bid or ask price like on option screen... no box needed. Thx!
Great app, have some trouble occasionally with transferring funds to my account, but with a simple call to the TD helpline it all get sorted out within 10 min or so. Wayyyyy better than other investing apps (cough cough Robinhood) where you can't trust where they put your money. Love the app. Recommend it to everyone. PS though setting up/linking your bank acc to the account is confusing lmao but other than that, dank app ha.
Cannot log in....incorrect password/UN. Checked on other devices and it works......0 stars if I could for a fundamental app failure
I opened an account with them and when I tried to fund the account, they flagged it. I called them and they said it was normal procedure. I then got a letter in the mail that not only said that the account was closed but to "not open a new td Ameritrade account in the future", with no furthur explanation as to why. When I called them again I spoke to a guy that told me the account was closed based on fraud, but wouldn't tell me specifics, just a vague excuse and then hung up. Invest elsewhere.
Poor layout. And very limited stock info available
Easy once you familiarize yourself with the app. Would like to see split views so you can buy/sell based on what is actually happening. Right now when you leave charting screen to trade you no longer know what is happening. Overall goo sc app to trade with when not in desktop TOS.
In fear of losing all my money based on not being able to log on while holding options while market fluctuates.
I ran the update and now I can not see any of my accounts! Nothing shows up! I can not check ANYTHING! What gives! I explored the settings. Nothing helpful. Logged in again after 8 hours. Accounts are back. Yea! Increasing rating to a 3 from a 1 for now. Need more time to explore this app. I'm just so happy I can see my accounts again.
Always gets stuck on the loading screen
Have trouble launching the app. I talked to the tech support team as well and he heard my process of loginning in. He gave no insights or reasons. It worked once after trying to launch for 10 times and more.
Too many glitches. Simply rotating the screen will send it back to my home screen. The latest updates took away my finger print quick access to start the app. Got slower. Freezes up.
Insanely delayed alerts from here, but everything is on time on the TOS app.
For a mobile app, on a phone no less, the capabilities TD has brought to the table are absolutely stunning!
This is think or swim trading app branded under TD Ameritrade. The app is the best trading platform like it has always been. If you look for more general investing news, TD Ameritrade has another excellent app for that.
l have had a fairly good experience with TD web broker Thank You
Easy to use, and a helpful tool
Crashes every 5 seconds. Extremely high commissions, bad fills. Traders worst nightmare.
Can you add dual split screen ? I have a Galaxy note 8 and can not use dual split screen for this Thinkorswim apps. Thank you.
Very cumbersome to work with. Hard to enter orders for options. No analytics graph - only greeks for individual option in a position and not the entire position or beta weigted portfolio. Charts and symbols are colored GREEN for DOWN and RED for UP and THEY WON"T CHANGE IT. This is beyond stupid and annoying. Green is always up, red down. Who the hell made that decision?
Nothing like their think or swim platform. Can't get features to work
very slow app. forget about trying to get out of a trade in a hurry. plus it keeps reconnecting to the network. this just started happening lately.
The new update does not show the companies on my watchlists, only the ticker symbol, at least on my Android. The layout does not feel smooth. I had no issues with previous app, it looked and worked really well
My password does not work after update
The app is not terribly designed, it's actually pretty easy to use and good enough to execute trades on a daily basis... The major problem is, once you buy equities a different prices, the app no longer shows the true average share price correctly. This obviously causes huge problems when figuring out profits, losses, and exit strategies. not sure why they would ever allow this. I have contacted them about this issue several times and they continuously say "they're working on it". I call B.S.!
i cant DO anything with this app. I can't even set up a simple alert with it, nevermind making a trade! All it is is a viewer. i can view what trades im in, i can view my alerts...i can view what i set up on my computer. thats it! Its completely functionless!
This app updates charts so slowly. I can usually start the chart update, turn on wifi hotspot, load google finance on my laptop and see a chart faster that way. Want to set an alert? That can take several minutes too. Internet connect speed makes a difference but it's unbelievable how slow it is at times when the connection can load web pages in a few seconds.
Reluctantly updated from a few revisions back... Now the watch list is unusable. The watchlist always scrolls to the bottom by default and is numb to tap sections. Reviewing top securities means scrolling back to the top (every time), then multiple taps before the details will finally open. What used to take a few seconds for reviewing the details of 5 securities now takes agonizing minutes. Charting is also still broken with unpredictable default zoom. A 10-day chart may only show two days, or be squshed to half the screen- and it changes ever time you open it!
It continues to give error msg "slow connection " this is the error when I have high speed. When I switch between live trade to paper money the prices are different even when I have real time activated for both accts. The app buffers all the time which cost me money on trades really lose money because when it finally stops buffering iv lost most of my profits....this is just bad and its the same on their TOS APP
The new app installation crashes on cancel and replace option orders. the help desk suggestions to delete old cashe and data files on an Android phone before a reinstall did not help. Any suggestion is welcome, I am stuck. This is the same symptoms that the new THINK OR SWIM MOBILE APP FOR ANDROID. need. help. New is not always better.!
Crashes every single time I try to view details. This app used to work fine but now I'm sure people are missing out on thousands of opportunities to save or make money because this thing has gone down the toilet. Please fix this before we all have to leave TD.
Could be better. One thing I would like to recommend, add vertical bars to separate days on charts like the PC application has. It's rather difficult to see where one day ends and another begins without using "highlighted" extended hours. I don't want that on my charts.
Every time I try to buy it always cancels. I keep trying everything and have more than enough money to cover the trade. I'm about to just close this whole account and just enforce with e-trade.
This gets stuck way too often. Especially once im actually looking at a stock. it gets stuck when i try to scroll up or down. ill be looking at a graph and try to go down to see my indicators such as RSI and stochastic and it doesnt move. luckily this was with paper money but imagine if this happened with real money trading. please fix this as i prefer it over desktop. i like having the mobility so i prefer day trading on my phone. but its too unreliable to make major trades.
Never had a problem. Serves it's purpose.
Fast orders for when im on the go! Playing optionns and seeing the Option Chain layout real time. Ive been with TD for 2 years now. Never any issues. Of course its not the desktop Quality but it gets the job done. Also any Technical Analysis youve done on PC can transfer and sync to your app so you still have your levels / plan for the day or week ect.. love TD!
Lagging Quotes!!! I love the UI and the marketed ease and convenience to be on your mobile device. But, this should NOT be used for active trading!!! BEWARE!!!! My app is lagging a good 20 minutes behind the market. When stocks can swing > 5% in a minute, why would anyone choose this platform and potentially lose by inaccurate data when expected to be real-time????
Is app worked great until it will not let me open any particular stock and see their charts or their news. Every time I click on it the app shuts down every time I feedback nothing is done about it it has been several days that this option has not been working it is imperative that this option work
Not a very intuitive app. Also, very buggy. Charts do not display. One would think that pressing the back button would go to the previous screen, but instead it causes a prompt asking to exit the app. Very cumbersome and clumsy to use. Please fix this Scotiabank. I expect a lot better considering your competitors offer commission free trading and have better mobile platforms to boot.
Time to trade elsewhere where information is currently available. Time for a major fix. Just switched to this new app. No market info for Dow. Still not corrected.This app does not have any charts. Unable to view the number value on the previous app. Also news feeds are intermittent. Are the charts going to be fixed to display data? Or is it a bug for android. App restarted numerous times for no reason, in the middle of a trade.
If I could rate zero I would. This app is pure trash, its embarrassing a huge bank like Scotia would even allow this app to hit the market. For shame guys. This needs to be fixed. So much money lost because of its inability to perform most basic functions.
I must reinstall often to be able to see the quotes, charts and so on. Bad experience. The app it is not available in french
Very disappointed with this app, every few minutes getting error 'app doesn't support system " I have to log out and log in! Scotiabank only think about how to charge customers there is no any service
What happened to this app? It got worse. No more fingerprint login. Buggy app now. Shame on you Scotiabank!!!!
Decent app however the charts feature is not working for any stock. Running android 9.
This app has been working worse and worse. Badly designed. Needs a refresh ASAP
Charts dont display??? How useful...
Terrible cant even see charts
I am a very successful regional sales manager, my review- Even after reading all the bad comments from paying customers..THEY DIDN'T HAVE THE DECENCY to reply!Who runs this joke?This doesn't represent Scotiabank AT ALL. Seriously who ever is running this..i say to you just quit..not worth ruining your reputation and the reputation of Scotiabank..charts, news, quotes don't work!logging option is outdated..fire this joke of a manager..get someone who can help grow your business for the love of god
0 for Customer rating. I've been contacting them for weeks now about no charts, called them and explained charts are essential to trading frequently, which keeps them working. Emailed them AND PLAY STORE. They just dont seem to care so , Im pulling my money out of Scotia Trade and moving it to a trading App thats user friendly.
Keep showing error message 101.
This is unacceptable
Fingerprint login please.
Junk
So many errors. The app always gives me *three* different dollar values of how much $ I have in my portfolio at any given time. That's the most important info an investor needs. Trade freezes. Quotes show inaccurate values (e.g. price from 2hrs ago). App locks you out of the account for no reason. It just decides not to recognize your password one day. You have to call customer service to fix it but when you call it's closed - sending you into a Kafka-esque bureaucracy with no exit...
Does not connect .... tried to roll back to an earlier version but can't. Try to keep updated for security reasons. Hah this is the best security feature ever ... just don't connect.
Ok i give 2 stars for the service and the quality but the news in the website is available more than mobile app Another note is the commission is complicated 9.95 dollar for each buy or sale and even you buy on 1.23 for example then you open your account next day then you will surprise to see the stock you bought is not 1.23 but it change to be 1.25 and you going to stuck more time with this stock cause your average is rising while you sleeping at night I prefer to take all those from cash
App no longer works
Horrible app. Continuously will not load pages. Charts will not load for weeks at a time. Time-critical trades encounter app freezes when placing buy/sell orders. Markets page does not update. For example, my top market movers (volume) has shown "null" for the past 4 trading days. News portion is hardly relevant. I have personally lost thousands of dollars (not returns, but initial investment) using this app due to technical issues and BMO has done nothing.
Charts keep not working
Doesn't work. Stocks that should be on the platform aren't, and I keep getting "technical issues". Will be switching banks in the future
needs more work, some option symbols not showing, doesnt refresh, and it is not easy to use.
Can't log in to the app anymore, saying I'm not connected to the Internet. Tried both with data & WiFi, no luck.
There is no ability to transfer funds from Investorline account and my bank account. Haven't had any other issues to date.
Very handy app to use when I am away from my Mac. I can easy see my investments in all my accounts. Not as much information as the website but more than enough for my needs. Charting works great and buying and selling stocks is a breeze. I use the app daily and have never had any issues with the app not working as it always works when I need it.
This app on my Samsung Galaxy S3 keeps getting the connection timeout error when loading the app. However, it loads fine on my Motorola G. Therefore, I believe that BMO internationally denies access from my Samsung Galaxy S3. Please fix this issue because even TD app doesn't block it like this. *---*
App doesn't even work. Just keeps giving you connection messages. Pretty sad BMO can't even offer proper support for their customers!
cant log in any more. says i am not connected. very annoying. this has happened too often .
Unending ongoing technical issues that end my connection with account and require me to start all over again. Sometimes, you cannot get into the site, especially in the last few minutes before the market opens. Investors sucks in most every way. When you try to transfer your stocks to another account, they delay and stall the transfer to discourage you from a transfer. I tried to transfer non trading shares from a margin account to my tfsa and they refused to allow it.even though both investors edge and the RBC did allow it.
very good overall. intuitive, stable, not as full featured as the web version but overall very useable. Does everything i need when on the road. in fact I'll use it even when I'm sitting in front of my computer!
I cant even log in as the app believes it is not connected to the internet.
Terrible app, doesn't update properly, cumbersome. Why did I ever get bmo accounts 😭
you can trade, view quotes, and review transaction history. does not have everything that the website has but it's got all thr core features working smoothly.
App is buggy. Chart doesn't says it unavailable but if you log in on a computer it's working. It can't find symbol or name but then on the watch list that symbol is listed. Can you fix that app bmo before everyone goes to TD
since Last update. Graphs are not displaying on Samsung S4 very 5.0.1. simplicity feature not working on any Smartphone.
Pretty much useless. Worked for awhile. Then just spools endlessly, even after reinstalling. Shame on you bmo for making a lousy app ehen you make billions in profits off our trading.
Ok app with issues. If session times out and you log back in and select portfolio quotes, it kicks you out. Really really annoying!!! Please fix.
Works alright. Crashes after purchases. No landscape view (tablet).
the app does not update quickly enough. no graphs available.
Not compatible with my phone!! Bummers!!
Remember multiple user IDs? Fingerprint signon? Otherwise good enough.
Get booted so often. Please fix!!!
freezes account for two weeks because they lost my ID after I have already traded for two months
Since the last update charts don't work at all.
Excellent easy to use app
connection timeout permanently.
how can access 2 different accounts from mobile app. I need to enter the account number instead of switch. pls advice. thanks
Used to be good now it's a piece of garbage!
Charts are not available
Awesome app. The best.
Very basic app
No candlestick... premarket way delay...they merge us and CND stock to profit from dollar exchange.
Doesn't work on my phone
bmo has given me too many problems for their highest fee existing. lost too much investment from their technical difficulties. I will be tryong out on to suretrade, questrade or interacrive brokers.
It's garbage, and gets worse every update.
This app does not work I cant log in. BMO Harris gave zero notice of doing this change so I was unable to do any online banking for four days. After many years of banking at BMO Harris Im am ready to move all my accounts to RCU a bank that gives me the kind of service I need when I need it, not a Saturday morning on hold trying to do a simple money transfer.
My bills cant wait for this to get straightend out. Looks like a good reason for me to close my account of 20 years and move everything to my BCU account of 3 months. They offer much more at BCU, and even give you cash rewards for using their credit and debit cards. Also, their app works. It let's you check balances, pay bills, deposit checks, all the good stuff you need plus more.
Absolutely ludacris. How are you going to straight up deactivate the previous app with no warning and then not even have the correct app available? I spend 40 mins screwing with this before realizing the new app isn't even on the app store yet. The old app TELLS YOU to go search "Bmo Digital Banking" to find the app and ITS NOT THERE YET. Pro tip: don't deactivate a perfectly good app for a replacement until the replacement is AVAILABLE. Unacceptable.
Why do you do this BMO? You have a app that works perfectly for years and now you throw a wrench in it. I cannot even login now without calling customer support because 'I entered the wrong username and passwords three times'. Reinstitute the old app that worked well.
It appears that because the digital banking app has disappeared from the store, you're catching the brunt of a bunch of unsatisfied users. instead of blaming Google Play Store for not listing your new app, and giving out a URL to your website, why not just post the direct link to your digital app so people can get back to work?
Doesn't even work. Can't log in at all, app developer completely screwed the pooch on this. Can't even get in on the website now either. BMO just lost my business.
i tried logging in twice, i keep getting an error message saying my username and password are wrong. uninstalling this! why did you get rid of the old app that worked perfect for years?
Pretty crappy BMO. How about making the "BMO Digital Banking" app available before deactivating the functioning existing copy. Or wait until you have all ducks in a row before launching a new incomplete system.
Well so this is so not ok !! You Start a new app on a bank holiday :/ cant login would really like to get a balance but no way. I used my old sign in and password !! And you took away an app that was working great ! frusterated :(
Absolutely garbage, the old app worked perfect and wouldve got a 5 start review. This is a pile of trash. Cant even log in without having to call someone. If your gonna take my money your gonna show me it to or I can find another bank. Dont waste your time here. Go check out Old Second or Chase or Bank of America. Also is this even the right app I mean theres like 7 different ones when you type in "BMO Digital Banking" like the old app says to.
New app won't let me log in, I have to call a number to reset. What a hassle, should have just left the old app in service.
Can no longer sign in with this new app/version! Why fix something that wasn't broken in the first place? Uninstalling this, it's useless!
Cannot login to the "new" app but can login to website just fine. I should not have to call you guys to tell you to set up your app properly. Maybe one I can use the app I will raise rating
so stupid. why would you get rid of a good app? i could not check how much money i had for 3 days for this? i cant even log in. go back to the old app it worked fine.
doesn't work. Why did you change this app and now not working. I have banking to do. So a complete weekend of not accessing the system and now a bank holiday.
The old app won't work anymore, and the new one won't let me log in.
pos can't even log in thanks bmo,old app worked just fine why in the hell mess with it wish I could give it 0 stars.
Your previous application was far better. why update it?!?!?! I cant even check my balance. go back to the old app.
your new app sucks. can't even log in. what was wrong with the old app?
bmo no longer offering online banking - only these broken apps that dont do anything. moving to PNC Bank!! Buh Bye
this app doesn't work. I haven't been able to check my account for days!
total garbage app. BMO keeps ruining their apps. seriously considering changing banks.
Really, BMO Harris, f***ing really??? 🙄 IT WAS JUST FINE BEFORE.
I can't even check my balance, the old version was better.
I tried to log in with my user name and password but it locked me out, so I texted calling the number they gave and they are only open on week days. Why would a bank only have advisors active on week days???
Once again Bmo screws up the personal app that can't be found and an app that won't work Everytime there's an update, you guys suck.
talked to customer service . there is a delay for new mobile banking app .
this is stupid. this app does not even work I can not log in.
cant check my account from phone. fix this issues
What is this? I've been looking for the new mobile banking app but I can't find it. Terrible user experience.
Still cannot login.
doesn't recognize my credentials? they are the same as always.
it tells me to search for "bmo digital banking" then no app with that name even exisists?
unable to login
can't log in
You all need to go on Google to set up the new web sight that what I did. I'm in my account
you people are just stupid. does anybody in your company have a brain? if you're going to change anything it common courtesy to let people know BEFORE THE CHANGE. I don't see, in anyone's complaints, any sort of apology from anyone in your company. Poor quality, poor customer service. I'm disappointed with you.
I really just wanna know what my balance is without waiting 6 minutes to talk to someone. Thos transition is messy and unprofeasional in just about very way.
your whole I.T. team needs to be fired, so glad B of A just opened down the street, im out bmo, you lost me.
سحبوا فلوسي و ما رجعوا لي ولا ريال
