It was working great and I really appreciated the ability to deposit cheques from my cell phone. But, something changed and the app keeps telling me to move my camera closer or use a dark background. Nothing I do seems to work and I have to wait until it times-out and then "manually" take the photo. I see I am not the only one with this issue. I tried calling the phone number that has been suggested for other similar complaints but they are not able to offer any support.
Everything was great with this app, but you must have changed the settings for cheque deposits. It's impossible to deposit a cheque now. Constantly saying "move in closer". If I move in closer, cheque is not in the square and it doesn't work. It's driving me crazy. So inefficient and waste of time. Fix this.
This is a standard app for banking and works as expected. The Recent update made it so you have to press a button to sign in with biometerics. So now it's an extra step for no reason. They will state security reasons but how does adding a button make it more secure. Why do developers not make things optional. Please make it so one can just sign in with biometerics with out having to press a button to do so. It's annoying and that's all it is.
Update is awful, depositing cheques used to be a breeze now it just says move closer to the point that the sides of the cheque, and you have to take the picture manually. And now the paychecks that I have cashed without any trouble in the last 3 years are being held, and my employer is with RBC as well. To make this worse the response from RBC on here has been call this # and they on the phone have been unable to help in these issues. All these reviews saying the same thing the update has a bug
The last 2 times I've tried to deposit my cheque via phone, it hasn't worked!! Like what... Everytime I go to take a photo, it signs me out. If you could help me, and not redirect me to calling someone, that would be greatly appreciated. December 20th. Another review. Trying to deposit my cheque, and surprise, surprise, it is not working. When i go to click, 'front' nothing happens.
This is the worst banking app I've ever used. Not enough details are given. It will show the amount of a transaction, but not what the account balance was after the transaction. Half the time, there is no information in the transaction description other than "Interac purchase". WHERE did I make the purchase? What was my balance after the purchase? There is also no way to access e-transfer recipients or e-transfer transactions from the menus. Terrible, not user-friendly. And NOMI is useless.
There seems to be no way to permanently disable NOMI Find & Save. I don't find this feature useful and it's ridiculous that you can't completely disable it. It took out money from my checking account because you can only pause it for so long. Everything else about this app is ok.
Not happy with this app. 90% of the time, when I try to log on its says we were expecting something different. I go to the desk top site and it works fine. I am also having trouble when I try to deposit a cheque. It take several trys to capture the image.
Repeatedly denied access with message "that's not what we were expecting, give it another try" when account number and password are correct. I can log on from my desktop with the same info 2 seconds later every time. I gave up altogether on this crappy mobile app from rbc. You should be honest with your customers and tell the the real reason they are being denied access instead of making them think they have entered erroneous logon info.
I really this app, especially on my old Pixel 3 XL with the fingerprint scanner that allowed sign-in. But now that I have a Pixel 4 XL, the fingerprint scanner is gone, and the RBC Mobile app doesn't support face unlock. This means that the app isn't using Google's newer Biometric Prompt API which supports face-unlock, in-display fingerprints, etc. I'm hoping this will come very soon. I'll change this to much better review once it does. EDIT:. Support for face-unlock is here!
The worst banking app I know. No visible password, no finger print, no face recog., badley organized, confusing, etc. I can never find the context options I need, neither the app's configurations. Tangerine is really simple, CIBC is great. Why can we not have a site like those? Now I am locked out. Most likely a typo I can't see.
I had to buy a new cellphone when my old phone started crapping out on me while away from North America. When I reloaded the app to the new phone, the app won't let me access my account and keeps saying that there is a technical problem. I've been trying for several days now and still having problems logging in.
Hate it !!!!! Waste of my Time !!! So infuriating. Remember my card button is in a spot where it gets shut off . Then it seems when that happens I can't log in again. Keeps saying expecting something different. Even when everything is correct. Then locks me out if I try to many times. Even on desktop it locks up. Password reset is difficult. Overall a very frustrating App. Wasted a lot of time with it. May just switch Banks.
The app has changed and now you can't automatically sign on with the biometrics feature unless you tap the button. This completely defeats the purpose of biometrics feature. Is there a reason why this was changed. Would love for it to revert back to the way it was.
Mobile cheque deposits are very frustrating since a recent update. The automatic photo capture cannot see cheques and I have to wait thirty seconds while being told to "move closer" before being given the option to take photos manually. This feature used to work perfectly.
Basic and un-intuitive. Fast clean design but some major misses such as the inability to delete a scheduled payment. Compounding this is the fact you can't view your client card to enter to login via web to delete the transaction either. Another bonus is even if you have shared access to an acct. you can't see the postdated transactions. Net effect is once a payment is scheduled it's impossible remove it online without knowing your full client card # or username (if you have setup one) and having access to a desktop/laptop computer. These issues are long standing and unresolved while new features that I personally find invasive and a potential security risk such as bio-metric are being added. It's clear that the designers prioritized user data collection and products and sales of services over functionality making it a more of a marketing tool.
What did you break in the cheque deposit feature?? It used to suck and then it worked great for the last few years. And now this update has broken it back to the suck. Won't take the pictures automatically in a number of different lighting/background conditions. So you sit there and wait for 20 seconds to finally ask if you want to take it manually. Very obnoxious with multiple cheques and both sides
Now when we open the app we have to click on sign in with biometric every time. Please put back the automatic activation. If we set a biometric it's because we want to sign in with it every time. Why now do we have to choose manually to sign in with biometric every single time? It adds 1 more step every time we want to log in. Please make it automatic.
Finding the current version seems to be ultra picky with taking photos for depositing cheques. Before, I never had this issue. Took several minutes get the photos since it kept telling to get closer, and this was like more closer than the rectangle for the cheque to the point that it was still asking me to get closer and it was the inner third of the cheque, which is effectively an impossibly close focus.
Garbage app every few days message pops up "To protect your account we have disabled your access, please reset your password" Really every fewdays then I have to go to RBC Website I login with same password then app works fine. This is so stupid if you guys are concern about security issue why have app and if you do provide app then make app better protected. If I could give negative would definitely that.
It's cool that you've adopted the new BiometricPrompt API, but now you have to click a button to activate it. If biometric login is enabled in the app, it should pop up immediately upon launch. In the presumably rare situation where users want to log into a different account, those should be the ones doing the extra work.
In the latest update you screwed up the cheque deposit feature. Just keeps saying move closer even though I am perfectly aligned with a dark backround. I deposit a cheque a day on average and it has got real annoying to have to wait to manually take the photo now. I have been depositing cheques since the feature came out, s10+ is the phone
I sent an e-transfer through this app and it ended up sending the money 3 times!! This hasn't been issue in the past and I'm sure they will address it soon, but a bank like RBC shouldn't have these issues, apparently this has been an issue for a couple of days already.
If all you want to do is view your accounts and maybe makes some transfers or pay bills, this app will work for that but the functionality of extra features is weakly executed. The NOMI budget and finance assistant doesn't even work. I would've hoped a financial institution the size of RBC would've had a decent mobile app but this doesn't even come close to being adequate in my opinion.
This has been a great app for many years but the most recent update shows promotions every time you scroll. RBC needs to think about the wealth of lower cost competitors and experience they provide your customers. Maybe act less like a car dealership and more like a bank?
Awful. I've been trying to sign in for multiple times but it always says there is technical issue 😡. The app is also not handy when you are outside Canada. I had to call RBC which cost me a lot.
Used to use the biometric login by default in the past. With the latest update you need to press a button for this function. This is a step backward. At least there should be a setting to make it the default login.
Is there any update?. Tried many times to deposit through online interac but doesn't work. I even uninstalled many times and reinstalled the app but doesn't work. I need to use my old phone to do the transactions. Any suggestion to fix this?
EDIT: Biometric signon was added directly to the first login page making it much easier to login, I have updated my my review to 5 stars :) Still wish we could do Canadian and USA based bank transfers through the mobile app..but maybe that will come Not bad, still needs some work. Still behind the scotiabank app in a few ways...No Biometric login, this would be a good feature to match scotiabank in 2019. Also US based accounts to Canadian USD account transfers arent allowed in app though you can link them and show balances, need to go to the website for the actual transfer...kind of makes the app useless for me to do anything but check balances.
Simple and easy to use. Can't say I have any complaints about it. Although I would like to have a central menu that uses Android's swipe-in from left feature. Still a good app as it is though. The allowance of biometrics to sign in is nice too.
Why is this app suddenly not working properly? Dates when money was spent do not match up, data is unreliable. It used to work and is now terrible, I don't understand. Edit : changed low rating due to good customer support
While the app is functional, every time I did a transaction it would not update my account balance after the transaction. Which is a huge problem. Even if I uninstall and reinstall it the problem still persist Please fix this
I love the app I have never had any problems with it ever! Today I've realized that everytime I've logged in it crashes? I don't know what's up but I hope you guys will be able to fix it soon! Thanks for everything you guys do 😊
Worst banking app ever won't let me deposit my cheque just keeps doing auto picture over and over and over and over without actually using any of them it's annoying has been happening for over a month now still can't deposit a simple cheque so screw RBC and their lack of care for their customers I'm going to CIBC
My husband has been hacked four times in the past year. He was reinbursed after comfirmation of his identity, but this should never have happened. We don't live close to an rbc and now can't even get payroll checks due to this happening so often. That's just over 5000$ I don't know about you, but when your account has to constantly be frozen and you can't access your funds for mortgage and bills..?
In the new update the cheque deposit feature no longer works correctly. It constantly says "move in closer" and won't take a picture. You have to wait and do it manually.
I am now giving this app a 3 instead of a 5. There have been many, many times the app says it's having issues. I'm giving it more than a 2 because when it does work, it's convenient.
Since the last update, it's a almost impossible to deposit a cheque, it tells you to 'use a darker background' or 'move closer', switching phones did not make a difference...
The new update with biometrics sign in is very annoying because now we have to press the button to sign in. The sign in with biometrics should just pop up right when we open the app or at least that should be an option.
dosent work for logging in on s10. says we were expecting something diffrent, changed my password tried again multiple times and same thing every time. can sign in on the website with exact same credentials but on the app it just dosent work even uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times..
Doesn't work most of the time. Says i have no claims today when yesterday it showed all of them. No way to upload documents. C'mon RBC it's almost 2020. People don't use fax machines or snail mail anymore. Compared to competitors blue cross and great west life, this is a century behind the times.
Terrible app, especially for one of the largest companies in Canada. Awful functionality, not user friendly, freezes repeatedly.
Edit: After speaking with someone, they helped me work it out, maybe updated the app? Still more confusing than it should be. but after you get it set, it's much easier. ------------------------------------ Doesn't let you submit your own claim through app. Gets stuck having you choose who the claim is for.
Error messages when you try to log in, have to enter info twice every time. Get error message every time I hit the submit claim button. This makes the app useless to me. If you can pay someone to reply to every one star review on here, you can pay someone to fix your app. Edit: Now I can't even log into the app or to my account online. I try to reset my password, "The information you've provided does not match our records..." Try to recover my username "The information you've provided does not match our records..." They provide a number to call but it's the weekend so once you get through 6 levels of telling the recorded voice what you want to do you get forwarded to a message saying they aren't open. Incredibly frustrating.
The least user friendly application I've ever had to navigate. I would switch insurance providers solely because of this if it wasn't through my employer
The app is defective. Tried to submit a claim, couldnt search by name because it expects it to have a first initial and last name, but my provider was a store. Searched by phone number instead, found it and progressed. However on the next screen, the first required dropdown field is broken- you can't select any of the options. Your taps are unread. Backed out to restart the process, and now the provider I just found can no longer be found. Cant submit the claim. What's the point of this app?
Super frustrating. Used Caresnet before it and it was much better.
app has access to everything I need but it seems to have bugs and glitches. while exploring the app for the first time i had to sign in and out several times so buttons would work. also stalled out while submitting a claim on step 3, just trying to load but wouldn't.
APP did not work at all. Would not let me submit a claim and a lot of the links/drop downs didn't even function.
Login fails every now and then. The time I logged in, it froze up as I submit the claim. after another 2 tries, said I am not covered when I know I am covered for glasses. I can only give this app a single star.
whenever i wanna use my app after user and pass and security question i face error A404, i can just access to my profile by pc and even by pc I can,t submit a cliam  and all the time i see application error and the page cant found. could you please solve your technical issues, too many people facing same errors
Doesnt allow me to submit a claim for services Im covered for. When submitting a claim it only gives you some of the service options, not the one Im actually trying to submit a claim for. It doesnt show me my exact coverage plan. It just gives you categories that you can put a pretend claim in for and it will show you what youre covered for. It would be nice to know a breakdown of my plan that I am paying for every month. It's a waste of time to go through all the categories to see if Im covered
It's all right, but other apps in the same category allow users to upload pdfs or images of receipts, which saves a lot of time.
Everything to do with this insurance company sucks.loved when I had regular greenshield. It was so much easier for claims and getting money back or anything having insurance is good for.
Doesn't accept security questions randomly, glitches and gives a blank page return after submitting expenses, filter to view submissions works 1/10 times leaving me questioning whether a submission actually went through.
You can login from a PC but not in this app. Absolutely useless! 5 min later and they are now experiencing technical issues with their website.
Sometimes the claim history is there and the next day they aren't. Submitted claims keep disappearing
Very glitchy, tabs just don't open at times
poor functionality. submitting claim can be an issue. unable to cancel submitted claim. not very user friendly.
Would love to submit my claims through the app, but can only do it for a few services (dental, vision). No option to submit drug, massage, chrio, physio claims... So, this app has no value to me.
Hate this app. It submits claims under today's date no matter what service date you enter in. It's useless.
Good app, easy to use but will not keep me logged in even when that's selected
Great app. Super easy to navigate and very user friendly.
It's impossible to submit a claim so basically the app is useless, don't waste your time and patience
This is a useless app you cannot suit drug receipts and to check if drugs are covered the information is incorrect.
Very good and usable application.Thanks for the creators
Am just looking for a one page summary of benefits with the totals but cannot find
Balances for coverage is not visible
Not user friendly at all.
Cannot find the exact coverage amount
almost imposible to submit a drug claim.
The app won't show me my coverage
The UX is terrible
poorly put together functionality sucks
Easy to use!
Not user friendly.
Great and timely.
Terrible. Doesnt allow drug claims.
How do you submit a drug claim? You can submit a claim for medical devices but ot drugs?
Can't see any of my claims
I wish 0 stars was an option. Doesn't work at numerous major retailers (Tim Hortons, Shell to name two). Google Pay works perfectly at both. Somehow, Google does a better job of processing withdrawals from RBC than RBC does. This app is just an excuse to scrape more data while providing minimal benefit. From RBC, this should surprise no one. Avoid. Go get Google Pay instead.
Pure garbage. Works 1/10 times if not 0/10. When I desperately need to use it, it doesn't work. Usually have to uninstall/reinstall. Not helpful when in line trying to pay. Has happened on 3 different phones. No choice to use Google pay because RBC won't allow it. I should be able to just tap and pay but I cannot. Garbage. Wish I could rate 0 stars.
It worked...once upon a time. Now it has prepare my cards every time I open the app...and hangs when it tried to do so. Each attempt to prepare the cards results in an error message: "Looks like we're unable to complete your request at the moment. Please ty again later." That message appeared five days ago when I tried to use the app, and it appeared again today. Seems the problem persists.
They at least tried, but at least Samsung pay works better a little more convenient, swipe up from bottom and more security ways enter pin or fingerprint. At least has rbc has wallet and it's descent but after a little while, the cc card setup takes a while with wifi or data either or, takes sometime to wait and still gives error.
Lovely app when it works. Unfortunately it very frequently (at least twice a month) completely resets and deletes all saved cards and account information with the error message "Something feels wrong". It's to the point where I have to start it up and have it open well before I get into a line, because I can't trust that it won't reset on me when I'm trying to pay for something. It wouldn't even be so bad except that it gives no further information about what is actually causing the resets.
Terrible for having to "prepare card" while waiting at a terminal and does not prepare my card for use. So much for reliability in this app, a real pain in the ass to have to get my wallet from home, at least 45 min out of my day because of this stupid app, dont depend on it.
It just doesn't work reliably. I tried reinstalling, as the rep suggests to plethora of critical reviews by users who were just as inconvenienced as I am, but with no avail. The app was last updated 2 months before this comment, while the rating of this app sits at 1.7 stars. At this point I'm convinced that the tech team in charge of the RBC doesn't care or it doesn't exist anymore.
OK this app is terrible Why on earth would you reset the credentials every few months. People use the app for convenience, yet whenever I try to use it I get stuck with the fact that I have to enter everything from scratch when all I want is tap the card. I am not sure why you even bother to keep software developers and product managers to maintain this app. Get rid of them and give the salary money to shareholders or discount your products, seriously. I am glad that I can finally use Google Pay, so I am uninstalling this garbage app and moving on
This a useless waste of space. I've had it for approx 4 months. It worked the first time I used it but hasn't worked since. I had the same issue approx a year-and-a-half ago which is why I got rid of the app the first time. I figured after a year-and-a-half the developers would have fixed this app but apparently not cuz it's still the same issues a year-and-a-half later. I'd give it 0 stars. I'm uninstalling this app permanently now as it's just taking up space on my phone.
Unusable as of about a month ago in both my Nexus 6p and my wife's OnePlus 3T. Simply will not go beyond preparing card. Has gotten progressively worse. About a month or so ago it was a 50/50 chance it would work, but now it hasn't worked one in about 2.5-3 weeks. I used to use it for so my transactions, so this isn't a one off occurrence either.
Not worth it. On Pixel 4, Android 10 with latest update Latest version totally unusable, when trying to open settings to run maintenance it says something's wrong and resets app. Most of the time though is spent preparing the card It's quicker and way easier just to use your real card.
AVOID AT ALL COST The app never works , when it works once in a while it takes literally 10-15 mins for the cards to load , and no its not my internet's fault ive tried with different Internet heck even different phone still the same , literally garbage app, i got stood out 3 times while paying because dumbass app wont load.
Seems every time I use it I have to sign back in. If the RBC Mobile app has my information why do I need to put it again for this app? Waste of my time. Considering opening a new chequeing account elsewhere so I can just use Google Pay.
Love it when it works. But when I desperately need to use it and I'm left staring at my.phone saying "preparing card" knowing it will never "prepare" the card in time makes me want to smash my phone into the floor
Glad I still carry my wallet as backup, because this app lets me down more than the Leafs in the playoffs. Glitchy and finicky...when it works. Two-thirds of the time my cards won't load so I can tap pay. Worst. Payment. App. Ever.
Was working really good all the time when I needed it and after the update no longer works have to reinstall it and it'll work for about a week then doesn't work after that so gotta keep reinstalling it to use it
This app has a sixth sense. It knows when you actually don't have your wallet and need to use it and will leave you embarrassed at the checkout. Fantastic AI learning...Never try this app. Keep your actual cards on you!
The app takes too long preparing, and many times fails to prepare Visa for purchase. I don't have the same experience with my client card so as a result my transactions are on the client card when using this app.
The issue I have is that RBC suddenly requires access to my phone records and files in order for me to use wallet. So I am forced to uninstall and seek an alternative vendor for making payments from my mobile.
Trash. Just let us use Google pay already. There's always an issue with this app, whether the password suddenly needs to be entered mid transaction or my wallet is unavailable, I'm sick of it.
Absolutely not reliable, works fine most of the time and then just stops working when you don't have your card on you. Really put me in a bad situation a couple of times.
I bought pizza the other day, and this app was still "Preparing Card" as I was walking out of the store, after having paid cash. Luckily, RBC now supports Google Pay, so you can switch to that instead of this garbage.
Good app if you are looking to save money. 8/10 times I try to buy lunch, clothing, etc., the app won't load my cardand it gets stuck at "preparing card".
It's nice when it works but seems to often break with new Android OS updates. It can be weeks before the app gets fixed.
Unfortunate when I need to use the app it just spins and spins I restart my phone and close the app but still doesnt work and tells me to try again later. Terrible app too many glitches
This app completely disappointed me. It doesn't hold my non-RBC cards. It is not a total solution. Installed. Deleted.
Worked for a few months latest update that claims to make it a "seemless experience" made it totally unusable. Give us Android pay!!!
Ive been trying to make this app work for the last 10 minutes on my half hour break. I have to uninstall and reinstall literally all the time. It sucks.
Constantly get booted out of the app. The reason I have it is for when I don't carry my wallet with me. Isn't reliable at all.
When it works it is good. But my credit card almost never works only bank cards.
A payment app that makes you reload your cards (which takes forever btw) every time you log in is not particularly useful
Doesn't work won't me sign in. Says hey you are already a one banker. But cant sign in. Not surprised as I had this issue before. Still nothing works here
Sometimes it'll sign you out when you pull it out to make a payment, so you'll just use your card instead of typing it all back in again. Sometimes it works, but sometimes you'll tap it and it won't activate. Convenient when it works.
Doesn't work on Galaxy s8. Force closes immediately after trying to open. I'm using Android version 9. Developer seemed to want to help but hasn't replied after I updated this review with my android version. As of now, the app still crashes upon launch. Uninstalled.
It won't work on my device, as soon as I load the app a message says it won't work on my device
This app is basic - does the job it is supposed to. Wasn't working before android 10 but seems to be working just fine. Saves me carrying my wallet around and never had a problem using it for paying when using contactless.
Stopped working since the most recent update. Uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail. Gets stuck at preparing.
Loved it. Now it won't even open. Hope they fix it quickly
Horrible, this app never works when I need it to. Will not load my cards, they need to be removed and readded to work but that isn't exactly an option when you don't have them on you.
Just as others have mentioned...it works when it wants to...i lost my card and thought id be ok to just use the virtual card.. nope..embarrassing to have to cancel purchases 🤬
Still would like to see push notifications especially for deposits and alerts instead of having to open the app to check to see if anything is there. Despite your previous reply stating that it was available when I used the provided link I was told the feature was not. Credit card transactions should be shown in real time as well. (Trinidad app)
I downloaded the app and filled out the enrollment form. I also got the following email: "At this time we are not able to complete the validation of your application due to the following reason. Our records indicated you already have an Online Banking Profile. Please proceed to contact the RBC Client Contact Centre to obtain your profile information " Every time i try to call the number 800-1RBC (722) i cannot seem to get through.
Not sure what happened but since the beginning of November the app does not open on my phone; I have to uninstall and reinstall it whenever I need to use it. It would work for one login and once I close it it would not reopen. The app worked fine before and I'm not sure if it only affects my phone I own a Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 but it is quite inconvenient
I am unable to do wire transfers because of the Entrust program. Trying to get through that 888 number for a token is a full time job. The line is always busy. Is there any other way to get this token? I am so frustrated.
The wire transfer option is no more? You know this app was wonderful before that update but now it's just a waste of space . Please fix this
Great app but having problems of late it is not opening on my phone have to keep reinstalling but still having problems
Having major problems signing in and having to use Entrust encryption app just made it more complicated. Is it absolutely necessary to use both?
A lot of the features gone.. sending moneys to different banks.. wire Money etc..
The pay yo rbc account does not show up on my app. Many issues
I couldn't even get an account on this app because Canada wasn't in the country selection..........
Very easy to use and understand.
Extremely frustrated...ever since the app was changed I have been unable to use it. Having to place an international call and never getting through to anyway is an expense and quite annoying. The when you go into the bank for assistance the send you back to call again and it's the same process all over again. The sign up process before the upgrade was easier and not as time consuming.
Easily the best mobile banking app experience in Trinidad. People complain about 2 factor authentication but I'm sure they would prefer using two apps versus money missing from their accounts. I hope that you continue the mobile banking transformation and I look forward to future improvements.
It's great to have an mobile banking with you all the time
Once app.is done loaded easy access.
Easy to use. Very convenient
Have signed up six months now and still awaiting for a representative to contact me. The service is slow and waiting to speak to someone on the telephone is horrible.
This app is a MUST HAVE for all RBC clients. It made my life so much easier.
I have the app on my phone and it works well. Can I also install on my home computer. I am trying however it is telling already installed on phone and I am not seeing the option to add computer.
Easy app to use; great security.
It has really made banking easier for my family and I, business and personal. Thank you
Best banking app ever!!
App keeps crashing
The people that came up with the idea to have 2 apps to log onto your account for security purposes, are really absurd. I watched a senior person try to access his account using the Entrust security and it was a total disaster. So people have degrees and masters to come up with this idea? You can put a jackass in a school, and it would just come out an educated jackass. No sense whatsoever. Not user friendly at all. It suppose to be easier not complicated.
I only login to my RBC account from my home computer. I don't use my mobile to access my account at all. Now you are telling me I have to get the app first. This is ridiculous and foolish too. I only use my mobile for calling, what am to this for. Terrible move by RBC.
Very useful and easy too use
An app with great potential but has too many problems and outages. Using Entrust for added security should not require us to call in ,especially when the calls are not answered! Added security is a responsibility of the bank...we can update surely via the app without calling and without our accounts going offline. My password has been closed for a week, no one answered the phone when I called. Really I have the right to be compensated...
I download this app but I'm new one it I can't even sign in on my online banking account because it keep saying my new password doesn't match the requested format above I don't know what password to use to get in
I really hate this app. when I was able to log in to my account directly online, transaction history showed starting balance and available balance through transactions. now it simply shows transactions and the amount of each . Extremely difficult to keep track of my funds. For example, you would show me I spent $100 in the grocery and then just display and overall balance. I don't know what could have transpired on my account from the grocery transaction to the current balance displayed !!!
The worst online banking app I have ever experienced. This is the second time in a couple of months that the system doesn't allow me to enter due to a supposed password failure. Last time it happened both to me and my wife, it's quite impossible it was our fault. I'm a professional and this is not the way to work. Now I have to go again to the bank and waiting inline to fix the problem they've created. So sad.
This app has  alot of potential, buthtere still [lenty of kinks to be worked out.  1. you guys cant assume that everyone who is using it has an iphone. 2. yes it is about security, but having to enter a code everytimne you access your account is hell. 3.a client should be allowed to download the both apps on a second device is they so choose. 4. timeout session could be a bit longer....maybe 2 minutes, max 5 minutes. if a client is checking and writing info and moves a finger off the screen, well its party time logging back in. 5. RBC marketing dept needs to  advertise, advice and recommend on all media with their upgrades. What about the folks who dont do online banking?  What about folks who dont rrust anything except for face to face transactions.
I love this app but since the RBC AGENT at my bank in Trinidad connected my account to the entrust security app I don't get any access to my account and I'm not in my home country and I need to access my funds. I already spent alot of euros in telephone bill on the overseas calls and still nothing works.
It's a great app to have only problem is if it's disabled( just in case it's not the account holder that's trying to get in) they take forever to get in contact with in order to regain access back into it...
How can alerts be set for when withdrawals or deposits are made please?
I have the RBC mobile banking on a couple devices. I have a new tablet, I would like to add it, but all I'm getting is RBC Events app and the Caribbean app??? I'm Canadian, have a Canadian bank. Were is the proper app for me?
I have called in twice concerning why my money transfer to other banks is not going through to no avail I am quite frustrated with this app all the drama to get in with 2 authentication and I was only able to transfer money twice after that is headache why have online banking and you still have to go an line up in a different bank to transfer money makes I damn sense I will be closing my acct soon and taking my money elsewhere fedup with rbc
The need to use separate security app makes this banking miserable. I bank with rbc Canada, and it is sooo simple, efficient and friendly. In contrast, this is just awful experience.
some days it was good other times it took forever to process basic functions. it needs upgraded i find it to be too limited.
This new entrust feature doesn't work! Every time I have to call customer service order to use the app I haven't gotten in since and it's very frustrating for me
Tried to transfer funds and could not. Plus this is on the most insecure device
Everytime i go to open app it tells me ''System Temporarily Down,'' error! It never has done that ever! The main page when you open app has changed too. Why fix what isnt broken jesus christ!
Switch from apple and now the app wants a sign in id instead of a card number. Why change things? Now i need to go to my bank to get a user id. Explain why my card number is not good enough to sign in with.
Great for quick glances at accounts and approving/releasing funds etc. Wish the notifications would actually pop up on the homescreen. Would be helpful.
installed the app and after it launched, I couldn't even read anything. it's all blurry. not impressed.
Well you guys explain me how to login or sing in. That's for the beginning.
the first screen is so blurry I cannot even see the fields
Blurry images. Cannot read.
Can't read the fuzzy font!
first page not legible
could not even login
Blurred app after installing, i give a negative 5 stars, jope i didn't get charged for agreeing the institution 😢
A FAKE do not use...
My story
It didn't even allow me login!!
Incredibly blurry!
Hello Support, please take a look at the fonts when someone signs up. They are huge! Not your typical sign in page. Take a look.
New user. Cannot even check it out. Screen resolution is out of whack
Was working great. Now the fonts are huge and it is unusable as the fonts for different functions overlap
Unusable. What happened? Support needed. Fonts are massive. Can't sign in.
Having the same issue as the rest. Font is messed up.
Please fix the zoom/font issue. It was working fine and now it zooms in and can't be used.
Can't get the size correct.  Cannot use.
Fonts are too big, unusable
Couldn't log in, didn't display properly on my device
What is up with the fonts? Last update changed everything. Please advise.
Nothing works resolution messed up please fix RBC
HUGE FONT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE FIX..
Text size makes this app unuseable
No longer functioning.
How the hell do you even log into it? Just out of pure logic use the card number and password that we use to login online and if your going to do some dumb thing like user names and different passwords have a link to where you need to register all that, make it simpler not a hassle. TD I hear has a better app and better hours so I'll likely switch banks for better service and convience. Since you guys also charge me everytime I sneeze
Was working good for a while but then stopped and now I can't get it to work. Already Uninstaller it twice and still not letting me release pay.
Not sure why others having problems.  I installed, signed in and completed my first approval all within 5 minutes!!  Well done RBC.  Yes, it's fairly early but it's all it says it is, so no complaints yet.  Will update in a few weeks if issues arise, but for now it's 5 stars from a very satisfied client.
This app really doe, suck you all should just go to your Community Bank instead and real-life. I approve this message😊🌸
App won't let me sign in.
App won't let me sign in
Can see details for bank accounts but not for visa cards or loans. Cannot initiate ACH or wire transfers. If you're going to have a mobile app for business accounts, it needs to have full functionality. I can do more on my personal banking app. Not worth paying a monthly access fee!
Says information is wrong and yet the same information allows me to login online?
Can't login. Unfortunately still have to use computer for business banking.
Won't let me log in. Tried the info with other apps to make sure I have my user name and password  right and they work with other apos
Unable to log in
This app was terribly made! I cant ever view my points as there is always some kind of technical error whether you uninstall and reinstall the app. I will probably go with a different bank as I have had multiple issues with all of their credit cards..
Incredibly glitched. It took at least 50 attempts to redeem rewards points via the app, and even tried web page multiple times. Internal error and other fail messages every time. Latest round of attempts took 3 days to finally get an order to work. Will be using rbc Visa far less.
This app is always having technical issues . Haven't been able to see my points till now. It still shows me "Try again in a few seconds to see this problem goes away[SC0701]" . I have reinstalled the app atleast 3 times but still the problem won't go away . Pls fix this issue!!
Garbage...has yet to be able to connect with Point Activity. Constant error messages recommending user "try again in a few seconds", for days on end.
Over complicated set up no real way to pay with points available. RBC banking apps not as useful as hoped
Extremely buggy. Says no internet connection while actually loading things. I just want to use my points and this app is not making it easy.
Not as many options as the desktop site. More convenient than the desktop site.
Horrible app, they always have technical issues and can never open it.
Technical issues for over a week. I'm not the only base on the other comments here.
Server always having technical issue and app always showing "we're unable to show your point activity [SC0701]. Pls fix the issue !
Havent been able to access my points through app since booking a trip. I've uninstalled twice....waste of an app!
Could not book a trip on the site called the help#and the agent said it would charge me $30 -I am a senior.When he tried to book my flight he wanted $600 plus all my points for a 1.45 min flight.I booked it myself with the airline for $397.
The app is pretty useless. Does not have the points mentioned, nor has any sort of ways to redeem one's points.
The login is so annoying. Why should i loggin again when i am opening from rbc app? Now i have to go for my wallet. Find rhe card. Put the numbers.... So badly integrated. The answer from the developer is that you can safe with the remember button. I used this many times and many time it is forgotten. Nontheless, if you open rewards from a logged RBC account. The handshake is already done. Your rbc rewards should use the same loggin. The remember feature forgets your card number often.
App does not work at all. Will not allow me to sign in due to "error," "service issues," etc. Uninstalled and then installed again. Does not work.
Cant update, only spams a pop up saying there was a problem and to retry, but hasnt been fixed after days ( of unstalling and reinstalling) so just uninstalling for good.
Just switched to rbc banking. Every single time I try and open the RBC rewards app it says "were having trouble connecting please try again in a few minutes" and the problem just does not go away. Hopefully they can fix this app.
App restarts whenever you leave it so you can't use a password manager to log in. Edit: I suggest doing some research on passwords and security. Specifically, how generating a long, random password that is unique for every service is the recommended and secure way of using passwords. You do this using a secure password manager. Please don't tell your customers this is insecure and don't prevent me from doing this.
Terrible app. Never got it to work. I have uninstalled, rebooted, re-installed 4 times.
DO NOT USE THIS APP! It will not offer you all flights/hotels that are available! I booked in good faith through this app then found out afterwards there were non stop flights (thought it wasn't an option-it wasn't offered) so much for no blackout periods they just hide the more expensive flights they don't want to pay for. They will not change my flights no matter what. Avion claims to be different guess what they're all the same. Have spoken to their 'managers' and received the textbook statements. Delete this crappy app and phone directly better yet change cards.
I downloaded the app to try to claim my rewards points, but I couldn't find any way to select rbc financial rewards. Specifically, I am only interested in the registered rewards, but the app doesn't appear to support them, so I had to use online banking. Until this feature is added, the app is useless to me. EDIT: It appears that RBC financial rewards ARE available on the app, but for some reason are listed under Merchandise, which I find very unintuitive. Still, I'm revising my rating to 4/5.
I used points to buy something from best buy. I specifically allocated the number of points (or near as I could using the slider) needed to pay 100$ of what I was buying. I triple checked and screenshotted the confirmation after I payed to ensure the correct number of points were debited. Shortly thereafter I got the confirmation email. IT USED ALL OF MY POINTS! Despite what the in app confirmation said. I immediately called RBC, but they couldn't do much because it was a 3rd party order. They did try to cancel the transaction, but couldn't. Total fail and super frustrating experience. Now I have to wait for my order to arrive so I can return it.
It used to work. Now it won't open at all or even try. Put numerous complaints in about it not working and it still doesn't work. Deleted.
UPDATE: Once I got my first credit card statement the app started working perfectly. Very happy. ORIGINAL: Constantly shows "We are having trouble connecting with Points Activity right now." So I get zero info on how many points I have or am earning. Whats even the point of this app without that? Hasnt worked since I got it a week ago. Deleting.
When I select RBC Rewards from the RBC Mobile Banking App, it wants me to re-type my bank card number again. Why couldn't the RBC Rewards be part of the RBC Mobile banking app??
says "your version of RBC Rewards app is no longer available or your operating system is no longer supported". Why is that? It has worked in the past. My phone is a LGX Power 3. Please make this app available for me. And my phone is up to date.
rarely works and claims to have "technical issues" most of the time. I also I don't like how you can't filter for men's watches on the Best Buy merch site. it's pretty sexist, women can choose to see only women's watches but we men are forced to see loads of women's watches. I don't know if this is a Best Buy problem or an app developer problem but if it's an app developer problem please fix it.
"My Trips" should be located in the main menu instead of going to the book travel section to find it.
Yikes. Can't even select what cabin due to poor app development when trying to buy a flight. The contact support sends you through a bunch of junk only it give you a number to call, to discourage you of course. Poorly executed app with bad customer service backing it up.
RBC Rewards helped me solve a RBC Mobile issue I had so thank you for that. In addition the Rewards are a cool asepct in rewarding yourself after regular day to day purchasing. I easily got into the app to browse any rewards within my points range and beyond that to look towards something I could potentially get later (at a high point cost). The RBC Rewards App serves their purpose over a lengthy duration of purchases to allow yourself to be rewarded.
The application keeps crashing each time I try to login. I noticed it started after the latest android update, but worked perfectly before that. I can't check my points or use my rewards and makes me wonder why the rewards is on a separate app.
Literally never works, always says theres an error and cant load anything
Does not bring up Canadian options. Every click brought up an error pop up. And why did you remove cashing in rewards from the main RBC app??? edit: No thank you Kevin, I have deleted the app. RBC's paid IT or software crew can investigate it, not me for free
Not sure why this always happens. I start looking at items in a few categories and it gives me an error. I can get back in it works for a bit then comes error message comes up and we start al over again.
Can't even login. Seems like the password security credentials are different than the one for the main banking account, so app will simply not let me log in, it thinks that my password is too short.
very poor search engine! Everything takes forever to load. every once and a while there are error messages saying "we are experiencing technical difficulties"...I was expecting more from a bank
It is almost more than 3 months i am waiting to redeem my points . Because the destination which i planed to travel was not on RBC booking. Each week i have to email to follow up but noting get back except a super weak costomer service . Never trust These points again with RBC.
Man this app is garbage, tried getting my points converted to gift cards multiple times now. The shipping info part of you can't click on and when you do says we're having tech issues, been like this for months. Would like to use my points now HOW DO I GET THEM?!?!!
3x un/install. 4x called Customer Support. 2x was disconnected while waiting. 1x was put on hold to check something then disconnected. 4th time after 6 rings' just gave up. Enrollment just sat on screen with a refresh symbol each time. Pointless app.
Not good Keeps crashing And far from being user-friendly
